
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.444146                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2444146476500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2444146476500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 197082                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   197082                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5262817891                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 738152                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   464.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    91528537                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      91528537                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst         1267264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        23202432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::tsunami.ide         4032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           24473728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      1267264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1267264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     18756000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        18756000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst            39602                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data           725076                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::tsunami.ide           126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              764804                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        586125                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             586125                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             518489                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data            9493061                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::tsunami.ide            1650                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              10013200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        518489                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           518489                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         7673845                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              7673845                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         7673845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            518489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data           9493061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::tsunami.ide           1650                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             17687045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      764804                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     586125                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    764804                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   586125                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               48904896                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   42560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                28611968                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                24473728                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             18756000                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    665                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                139043                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             47027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             46152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             46608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             46759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             48210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             48279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             46729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             47732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             47291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             45664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            47663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            51732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            50061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            48547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            47732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            47953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             27594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             27991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             27390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             28389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             28552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             29006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             27847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             27835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             26849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             26793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            27107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            29095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            28184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            27456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            28298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            28676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                        58                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2444142898500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                764804                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5               586125                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  764015                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                      10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                      25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                      17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   5636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   6587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  26716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  26406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  26300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  26716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  26836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  27001                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  28270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  27096                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  27073                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  27903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  26823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  26833                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  26647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  26585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  26140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  26038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    297                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                    236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                    255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                    246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                    238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                    153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                    140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                    128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                    119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                    132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                    125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                    115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                    109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                    123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                     89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                     98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                     76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                    130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                    156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                     90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                     72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                     64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       178347                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    434.640695                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   249.166467                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   398.086798                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        52987     29.71%     29.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        36351     20.38%     50.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        13809      7.74%     57.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         8938      5.01%     62.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6117      3.43%     66.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         5684      3.19%     69.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         5697      3.19%     72.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         4564      2.56%     75.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        44200     24.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       178347                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        25841                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      29.570489                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    536.537493                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047        25837     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-10239            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20480-22527            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::57344-59391            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::59392-61439            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         25841                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        25841                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.300491                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.924585                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      5.437001                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         24647     95.38%     95.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-23            58      0.22%     95.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           414      1.60%     97.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-31            60      0.23%     97.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           256      0.99%     98.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-39            72      0.28%     98.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           189      0.73%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            16      0.06%     99.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-51            17      0.07%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-55             7      0.03%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-59             5      0.02%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::60-63             8      0.03%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-67             3      0.01%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::68-71            20      0.08%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            14      0.05%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::76-79             3      0.01%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            16      0.06%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::84-87             1      0.00%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::88-91             7      0.03%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::92-95            12      0.05%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::96-99             4      0.02%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            5      0.02%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::108-111            4      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::112-115            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         25841                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  13089662013                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             27417268263                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 3820695000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     17129.95                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                35879.95                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        20.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        11.71                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     10.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      7.67                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.72                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   677300                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  355554                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 88.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                79.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1809231.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    85.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                636416760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                338263530                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              2695321440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1172432880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         13094290560.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          14672686920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy            742817760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     29020105050                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     15521052960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     555543585900                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           633442095630                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            259.166994                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2410023639501                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1256014499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    5562512000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 2305963767750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  40419494250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   27304196500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  63640491501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                636980820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                338563335                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              2760631020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1161230760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         11844112800.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          13933025850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy            646696800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     27326372280                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     13424263680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     557830410000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           629906364555                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            257.720382                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2411896100250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1045441250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    5029718000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 2317013103250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  34959071000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   26172371000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  59926772000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     16013348                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      12438                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                            98                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   817029                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     8864870                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      1307                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                          169                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  324494                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     24878218                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      13745                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                           267                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  1141523                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     5652121                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      6043                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            1                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 5658164                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numPwrStateTransitions               14350                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          7175                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean     306589647.874564                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev    450287275.075636                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         7175    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value         1000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2000000000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            7175                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    244365753000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2199780723500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       4888292953                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     7175                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::cserve                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrmces                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrfen                      1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                   1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                  4541      2.13%      2.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       65      0.03%      2.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrent                      7      0.00%      2.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                196406     91.91%     94.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    5785      2.71%     96.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrkgp                      1      0.00%     96.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      8      0.00%     96.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                     10      0.00%     96.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::whami                      2      0.00%     96.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     6064      2.84%     99.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  559      0.26%     99.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                      235      0.11%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 213687                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     236325                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              6760                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1964                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                2351                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                2047                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1964                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                    83                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.302811                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.035304                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.369661                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       181278465500      7.42%      7.42% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           8085636000      0.33%      7.75% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle         2254781345000     92.25%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                     4542                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    82489     40.23%     40.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     117      0.06%     40.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    2463      1.20%     41.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  119982     58.51%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               205051                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     80952     49.22%     49.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      117      0.07%     49.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     2463      1.50%     50.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    80952     49.22%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                164484                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             2358529616500     96.50%     96.50% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                90434500      0.00%     96.50% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22              1071029000      0.04%     96.54% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31             84454368500      3.46%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         2444145448500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.981367                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.674701                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.802161                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.committedInsts                    91528537                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      91528537                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              88533343                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 428529                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     2909800                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     11607444                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     88533343                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        428529                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           120936682                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           66854875                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               178874                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              181901                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      24937320                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    16054886                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    8882434                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               4399561446.998200                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               488731506.001800                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.099980                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.900020                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          15127284                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass               1594780      1.74%      1.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  63094226     68.92%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   186012      0.20%     70.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     70.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  117488      0.13%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                    4179      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 16353660     17.86%     88.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 8806707      9.62%     98.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              157038      0.17%     98.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             149824      0.16%     98.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                1078635      1.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   91542549                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2981551                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.952193                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            21897107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2981551                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              7.344200                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         168190500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.952193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          778                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         799778201                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        799778201                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     13572306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        13572306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      7736827                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        7736827                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data       292758                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       292758                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data       315335                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       315335                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      21309133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         21309133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     21309133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        21309133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      2146564                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2146564                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       812407                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       812407                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        23666                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        23666                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2958971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2958971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2958971                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2958971                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  50410547500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  50410547500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  43016709500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  43016709500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    364230000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    364230000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  93427257000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  93427257000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  93427257000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  93427257000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     15718870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     15718870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      8549234                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8549234                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data       316424                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       316424                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data       315335                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       315335                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     24268104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24268104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     24268104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24268104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.136560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.136560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.095027                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.095027                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.074792                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.074792                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.121928                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.121928                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.121928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.121928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 23484.297463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23484.297463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52949.703166                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52949.703166                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15390.433533                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15390.433533                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31574.238815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31574.238815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31574.238815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31574.238815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2480205                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2480205                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2146564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2146564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       812407                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       812407                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        23666                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        23666                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2958971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2958971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2958971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2958971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data        10324                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        10324                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        17380                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        17380                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  48263983500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  48263983500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  42204302500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42204302500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    340564000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    340564000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  90468286000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  90468286000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  90468286000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  90468286000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1566262500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1566262500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1566262500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1566262500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.136560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.095027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.074792                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074792                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.121928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.121928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 22484.297463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22484.297463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 51949.703166                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51949.703166                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 14390.433533                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14390.433533                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 30574.238815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30574.238815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 30574.238815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30574.238815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 221975.977891                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 221975.977891                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 90118.670886                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 90118.670886                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           2496310                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.164835                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            88954249                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           2496310                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             35.634296                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       39985698500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   511.164835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.998369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         185582137                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        185582137                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     89045513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        89045513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      89045513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         89045513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     89045513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        89045513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      2497037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       2497037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      2497037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        2497037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      2497037                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       2497037                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  35662314500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35662314500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  35662314500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  35662314500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  35662314500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  35662314500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     91542550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     91542550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     91542550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     91542550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     91542550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     91542550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14281.852652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14281.852652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14281.852652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14281.852652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14281.852652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14281.852652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks      2496310                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           2496310                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      2497037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2497037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      2497037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2497037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      2497037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2497037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  33165277500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33165277500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  33165277500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33165277500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  33165277500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33165277500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13281.852652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13281.852652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13281.852652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13281.852652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13281.852652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13281.852652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 326                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2836480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        368                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7330                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7330                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               99220                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              99220                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        19964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        34760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       178340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       178340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  213100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        22328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2127                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          202                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9982                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7620                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3827                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        46328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2849936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2849936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2896264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              6141000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               642000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                19500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                19500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy               18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy               18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              200000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            17387000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             1895500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5246000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy               76000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           283277027                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            24436000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            89572000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                89138                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.545735                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                89138                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         2402463571000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.545735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.017054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.017054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               802530                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              802530                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             89170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            89170                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     45305321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     45305321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10473653706                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total  10473653706                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10518959027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  10518959027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10518959027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  10518959027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           89170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          89170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 165347.886861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165347.886861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117819.178658                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117819.178658                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117965.224033                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117965.224033                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117965.224033                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117965.224033                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         36821                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                18990                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     1.938968                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           88864                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                88864                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     31605321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31605321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   6025648306                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6025648306                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   6057253627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6057253627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   6057253627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6057253627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115347.886861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115347.886861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67783.120793                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67783.120793                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67929.276965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67929.276965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67929.276965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67929.276965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    730133                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32697.706437                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     7901534                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    730133                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     10.822047                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               11422061000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      204.249082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       4827.323518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      27666.133836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.006233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.147318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.844303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.997855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          857                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7648                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        12903                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        11349                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                5610548909                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses               5610548909                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2480205                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2480205                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      2495804                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          2495804                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data                18                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   18                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             383140                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                383140                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst         2457400                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            2457400                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1874100                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1874100                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst               2457400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               2257240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  4714640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst              2457400                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              2257240                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 4714640                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data              34                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 34                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           429215                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              429215                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst         39602                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            39602                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       296130                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          296130                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst               39602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data              725345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 764947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst              39602                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data             725345                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                764947                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       969000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       969000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  36961005000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   36961005000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3616706500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   3616706500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  25670282500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  25670282500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    3616706500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   62631287500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      66247994000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3616706500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  62631287500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     66247994000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2480205                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2480205                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      2495804                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      2495804                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data            52                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               52                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         812355                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            812355                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst      2497002                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        2497002                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      2170230                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       2170230                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           2497002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           2982585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              5479587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          2497002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          2982585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             5479587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.653846                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.653846                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.528359                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.528359                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.015860                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.015860                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.136451                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.136451                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.015860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.243193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.139599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.015860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.243193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.139599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        28500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        28500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86113.031930                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86113.031930                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 91326.359780                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91326.359780                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86685.855874                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86685.855874                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 91326.359780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86346.893547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86604.685030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 91326.359780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86346.893547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86604.685030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               497261                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    497261                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           21                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            21                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           34                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            34                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       429215                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         429215                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        39602                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        39602                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       296130                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       296130                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          39602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         725345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            764947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         39602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        725345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           764947                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data        10324                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        10324                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        17380                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        17380                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       629000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       629000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  32668855000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32668855000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3220686500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3220686500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  22708982500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22708982500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3220686500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  55377837500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  58598524000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3220686500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  55377837500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  58598524000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1478062500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1478062500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1478062500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1478062500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.653846                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.653846                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.528359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.528359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.015860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.136451                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136451                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.015860                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.243193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.139599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.015860                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.243193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.139599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76113.031930                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76113.031930                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81326.359780                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81326.359780                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76685.855874                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76685.855874                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81326.359780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76346.893547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76604.685030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81326.359780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76346.893547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76604.685030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 209475.977891                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 209475.977891                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 85043.872267                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 85043.872267                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       1672149                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       821229                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          577                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7056                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             343062                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              10324                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             10324                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       586125                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           231815                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               95                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            429154                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           429154                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        336006                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         88896                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         3011                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       178434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       178434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        34760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2258461                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      2293221                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2471655                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2847680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2847680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        46328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     40382048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     40428376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                43276056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             3367                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                      11392                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            871531                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.004113                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.064004                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  867946     99.59%     99.59% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    3585      0.41%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              871531                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            31662500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          2844598928                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            4022826                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         2531318251                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     10957535                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      5477931                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1851                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1592                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1592                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               7056                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           4674471                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             10324                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            10324                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2977466                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      2496310                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          734218                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              52                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             52                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           812355                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          812355                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       2497037                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2170381                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         3225                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7490349                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      8981733                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              16472082                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    159785984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    174860344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              334646328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          733692                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  15918208                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          6230563                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000553                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.023511                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                6227117     99.94%     99.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   3446      0.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            6230563                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         7980877000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           196403                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        2497037000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        2994829000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444146476500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.005098                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  5098252000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2449244728500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                9511045                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  9511033                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              519840441                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 739176                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     9.81                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    93277822                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      93277822                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           74816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data          397664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             472480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        74816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         74816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       776064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          776064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             2338                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            12427                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               14765                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         24252                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              24252                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst           14674834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           78000067                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              92674901                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      14674834                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         14674834                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       152221585                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            152221585                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       152221585                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst          14674834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          78000067                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            244896486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       14765                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      24252                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     14765                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    24252                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 944896                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                      64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  826176                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  472480                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               776064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                 11337                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         6                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    5098532000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                 14765                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                24252                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   14764                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    710                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   1001                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    644                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    490                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                     86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         3002                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    589.921386                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   368.123538                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   425.351767                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          622     20.72%     20.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          422     14.06%     34.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          229      7.63%     42.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          149      4.96%     47.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           72      2.40%     49.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           54      1.80%     51.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           68      2.27%     53.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           53      1.77%     55.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1333     44.40%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         3002                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          423                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      34.799054                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    324.579458                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           419     99.05%     99.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2      0.47%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            1      0.24%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      0.24%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           423                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          423                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      30.517730                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     27.730324                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     14.932043                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17           117     27.66%     27.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19             5      1.18%     28.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-21             1      0.24%     29.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23             2      0.47%     29.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-25             5      1.18%     30.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            88     20.80%     51.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            20      4.73%     56.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30-31             5      1.18%     57.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            47     11.11%     68.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            26      6.15%     74.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            13      3.07%     77.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            14      3.31%     81.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            41      9.69%     90.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::42-43             6      1.42%     92.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-45             1      0.24%     92.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46-47             5      1.18%     93.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-49             2      0.47%     94.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::50-51             1      0.24%     94.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-53             1      0.24%     94.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::54-55             3      0.71%     95.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::62-63             1      0.24%     95.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-65             1      0.24%     95.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::66-67             1      0.24%     95.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::68-69             1      0.24%     96.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::72-73             1      0.24%     96.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::74-75             1      0.24%     96.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::76-77             4      0.95%     97.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::80-81             2      0.47%     98.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::90-91             2      0.47%     98.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::92-93             1      0.24%     98.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::94-95             1      0.24%     99.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::96-97             3      0.71%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::98-99             1      0.24%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           423                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    216535750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               493360750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   73820000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     14666.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                33416.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       185.34                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       162.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     92.67                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    152.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      23.61                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    13087                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   11583                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 88.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                89.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     130674.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    89.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 10710000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  5692500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                45446100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               40470660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         221885040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            248428230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             14430720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy       478864980                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       277925280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        692863020                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             2036801040                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            399.509683                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           4513247500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     25615750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF      94244000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2741783000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    723746250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     462632250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   1050230750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 10731420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  5700090                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                59968860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               26914320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         236636400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            255146250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             12955680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy       581699250                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       270063360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        638830560                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             2098691370                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            411.649203                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           4501539000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     18913000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     100466000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2525932500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    703301500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     474007250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   1275631750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                       331297                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                       1512                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                            24                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                    75874                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                      259463                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                       269                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                           44                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                   39371                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                       590760                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                       1781                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                            68                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                   115245                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                      427802                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                       846                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                  428648                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numPwrStateTransitions                 100                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples            50                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean          2363810                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev    5506723.080991                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           50    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value     26915500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::total              50                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      4980061500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED    118190500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                         10196504                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       50                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   240      5.40%      5.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       14      0.32%      5.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                  3603     81.11%     86.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                      99      2.23%     89.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      2      0.05%     89.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      2      0.05%     89.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      372      8.37%     97.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   76      1.71%     99.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                       12      0.27%     99.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                  21      0.47%     99.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrunique                   1      0.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   4442                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       7169                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               600                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 339                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                  12                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 345                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   339                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     6                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.575000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.500000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.725552                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         4122359000     80.85%     80.85% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user            770990000     15.12%     95.98% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle            205118000      4.02%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      240                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     1679     41.90%     41.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                      26      0.65%     42.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                       6      0.15%     42.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                    2296     57.30%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 4007                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      1676     49.53%     49.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                       26      0.77%     50.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                        6      0.18%     50.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     1676     49.53%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  3384                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0               4108682500     80.59%     80.59% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                20755000      0.41%     80.99% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 3780000      0.07%     81.07% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31               965249500     18.93%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total           5098467000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.998213                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.729965                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.844522                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1749285                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1749285                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1683786                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   6282                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       54903                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       177310                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1683786                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          6282                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             2319022                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1224031                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3657                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                3564                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        595576                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      335073                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     260503                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               236380.999954                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               9960123.000046                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.976817                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.023183                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                            247898                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30286      1.73%      1.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1064004     60.76%     62.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     2190      0.13%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1654      0.09%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                      11      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                     254      0.01%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   344756     19.69%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  259314     14.81%     97.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2261      0.13%     97.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               2102      0.12%     97.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                  44302      2.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1751134                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             50102                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              562351                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             51126                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             10.999315                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          796                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          19003126                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         19003126                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       304538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          304538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data       225894                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         225894                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data         5603                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         5603                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data         6136                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         6136                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data        530432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           530432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data       530432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          530432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        22106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         22106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        27325                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        27325                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data          680                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          680                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        49431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          49431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        49431                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         49431                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    384792000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    384792000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1151403500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1151403500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     11005000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     11005000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   1536195500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1536195500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1536195500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1536195500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       326644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       326644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data       253219                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       253219                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data         6283                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         6283                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data         6136                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         6136                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       579863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       579863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       579863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       579863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.067676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.107911                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.107911                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.108229                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.108229                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.085246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.085246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.085246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.085246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 17406.676920                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17406.676920                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 42137.365050                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42137.365050                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 16183.823529                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16183.823529                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31077.572778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31077.572778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31077.572778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31077.572778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        40087                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             40087                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        22106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        27325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        27325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          680                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          680                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        49431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        49431                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49431                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data         1073                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1073                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    362686000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    362686000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1124078500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1124078500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     10325000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10325000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1486764500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1486764500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1486764500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1486764500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    136842500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    136842500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    136842500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    136842500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.107911                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107911                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.108229                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.108229                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.085246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.085246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 16406.676920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16406.676920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 41137.365050                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41137.365050                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 15183.823529                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15183.823529                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 30077.572778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30077.572778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 30077.572778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30077.572778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 224331.967213                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 224331.967213                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 127532.618826                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 127532.618826                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             59411                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.970406                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             1782980                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             59923                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             29.754518                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   511.970406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          244                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           3561686                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          3561686                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      1691716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         1691716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       1691716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          1691716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      1691716                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         1691716                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        59418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         59418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        59418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          59418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        59418                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         59418                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    965453500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    965453500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    965453500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    965453500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    965453500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    965453500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      1751134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1751134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      1751134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      1751134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      1751134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      1751134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.033931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.033931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.033931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16248.502137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16248.502137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16248.502137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16248.502137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16248.502137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16248.502137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        59411                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             59411                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        59418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        59418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        59418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        59418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        59418                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        59418                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    906035500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    906035500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    906035500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    906035500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    906035500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    906035500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.033931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.033931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.033931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15248.502137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15248.502137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15248.502137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15248.502137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15248.502137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15248.502137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  87                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   724992                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         90                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  637                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 637                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               23119                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              23119                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           88                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        45366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        45366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   47512                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          121                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          593                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          405                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         1727                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       725208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       725208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   726935                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy               114000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                21000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               92500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              963500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy              643500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy            72113105                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1683000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            22710000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                22683                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      32                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                22715                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           32                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               204147                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              204147                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             22683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            22683                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      3181485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3181485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2779622620                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   2779622620                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2782804105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   2782804105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2782804105                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   2782804105                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           22683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          22683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117832.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117832.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 122688.145304                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122688.145304                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 122682.365869                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122682.365869                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 122682.365869                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122682.365869                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         12035                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3894                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     3.090652                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           22656                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                22656                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      1831485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1831485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1646363860                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1646363860                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1648195345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1648195345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1648195345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1648195345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67832.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67832.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 72667.896363                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72667.896363                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 72662.141031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72662.141031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 72662.141031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72662.141031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4781                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 29040.945095                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     2493118                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     37549                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     66.396389                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      138.982446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       8876.630293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      20025.332356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.004241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.270893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.611125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.886259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          737                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7817                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        11973                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        12233                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 112120237                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                112120237                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        40087                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            40087                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        59352                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            59352                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              16019                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 16019                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst           57078                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              57078                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          21649                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             21649                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                 57078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 37668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    94746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                57078                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                37668                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   94746                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data               8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            11297                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               11297                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          2338                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2338                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data         1137                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1137                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                2338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               12434                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  14772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               2338                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              12434                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 14772                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       228000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       228000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    914594000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     914594000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    217566500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    217566500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    111252500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    111252500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     217566500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    1025846500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1243413000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    217566500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1025846500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1243413000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        40087                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        40087                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        59352                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        59352                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data             9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          27316                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             27316                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst        59416                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          59416                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        22786                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         22786                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             59416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data             50102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               109518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            59416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data            50102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              109518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.888889                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.413567                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.413567                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.039350                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.039350                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.049899                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.049899                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.039350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.248174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.134882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.039350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.248174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.134882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        28500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        28500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80959.015668                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80959.015668                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 93056.672370                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93056.672370                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 97847.405453                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97847.405453                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 93056.672370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82503.337623                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84173.639318                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 93056.672370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82503.337623                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84173.639318                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1596                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1596                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             8                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        11297                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          11297                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2338                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2338                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1137                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1137                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           2338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          12434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             14772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          2338                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         12434                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            14772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data         1073                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1073                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       148000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       148000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    801624000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    801624000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    194186500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    194186500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     99882500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     99882500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    194186500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    901506500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1095693000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    194186500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    901506500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1095693000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    129217500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    129217500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    129217500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    129217500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.413567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.413567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.039350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.049899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.039350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.248174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.134882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.039350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.248174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.134882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70959.015668                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70959.015668                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83056.672370                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83056.672370                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 87847.405453                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87847.405453                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83056.672370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72503.337623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74173.639318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83056.672370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72503.337623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74173.639318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 211831.967213                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 211831.967213                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 120426.374651                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 120426.374651                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         64933                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        37469                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           27                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 610                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4112                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                463                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               463                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        24252                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3212                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               15                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             11290                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            11290                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3502                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         22656                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         9984                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        45366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        45366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        34326                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        36472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  81838                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1727                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       523552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       525279                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1250271                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                            10011                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                        864                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             38536                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.259783                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.438521                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   28525     74.02%     74.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   10011     25.98%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               38536                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             1834500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           113455729                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           10435041                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy           50112250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       219042                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       109525                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          344                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             60                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           60                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                610                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             82841                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               463                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              463                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        41683                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        59411                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           13200                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               9                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              9                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            27316                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           27316                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         59418                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        22813                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         9984                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       178245                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       152497                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                330742                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3802464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2888639                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                6691103                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           14821                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     52000                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           125394                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.003238                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.056810                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 124988     99.68%     99.68% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    406      0.32%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             125394                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          160038000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy            34485                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          59418000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          50948000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5098252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
