
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.522084                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2522083857500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2522083857500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 172759                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   172758                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             4755419462                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 744296                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   530.36                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    91624176                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      91624176                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst         1976352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        19747760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::tsunami.ide         4048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           21728160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      1976352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1976352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     17019344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        17019344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst           123522                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          1234235                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::tsunami.ide           253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1358010                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1063709                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1063709                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             783619                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data            7829938                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::tsunami.ide            1605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total               8615162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        783619                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           783619                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         6748128                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              6748128                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         6748128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            783619                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data           7829938                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::tsunami.ide           1605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             15363289                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1358010                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1063709                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1358010                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1063709                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               86710976                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  201664                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                32101312                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                21728160                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             17019344                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   3151                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                562108                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             90723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             79569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             75919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             73967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             81360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             87594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             83540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             85573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             86551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             82334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            81139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           104410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            87859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            94716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            76569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            83036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             31019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             32232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             30774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             29513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             31754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             31899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             30817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             32454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             30230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             31879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            31313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            33669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            31277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            31619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            30303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            30831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         1                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2522083844500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4               1358010                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4              1063709                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1354597                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                      16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                      16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                      17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                      47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                      66                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                     21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                     15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   3648                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   4587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  30916                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  30734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  31127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  30891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  30761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  30612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  30588                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  30634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  31130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  30962                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  30798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  30765                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  30546                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  30480                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  30500                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  30380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                     75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                     67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                     61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       246962                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    481.094646                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   285.050896                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   403.391030                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        67036     27.14%     27.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        39576     16.03%     43.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        22175      8.98%     52.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        12820      5.19%     57.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        10489      4.25%     61.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         8912      3.61%     65.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         9148      3.70%     68.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         7737      3.13%     72.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        69069     27.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       246962                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        30242                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      44.800542                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    288.842004                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047        30231     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            4      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14336-16383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20480-22527            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::38912-40959            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         30242                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        30242                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.585642                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.485167                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      2.248777                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         26510     87.66%     87.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19          2149      7.11%     94.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           451      1.49%     96.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23           375      1.24%     97.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           355      1.17%     98.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           239      0.79%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            75      0.25%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            15      0.05%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            12      0.04%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34-35             5      0.02%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-37             6      0.02%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38-39             4      0.01%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-41             9      0.03%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::42-43             5      0.02%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-45             3      0.01%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46-47             3      0.01%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-49             4      0.01%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::50-51             1      0.00%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            10      0.03%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::54-55             4      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-57             3      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::58-59             1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::60-61             1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::66-67             2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         30242                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  22791793979                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             48195400229                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 6774295000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     16822.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                35572.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        34.38                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        12.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      8.62                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      6.75                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      23.75                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1182907                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  426571                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 87.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1041443.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    86.70                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                852887280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                453316545                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              4699869300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1307411640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         21144230640.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          16425026520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           1205089920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     57296033490                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     25603731360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     552512985960                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           681509810385                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            270.216951                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2482903886249                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1761088500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    8976078000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 2290579666500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  66676257000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   28441683001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 125649084499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                910435680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                483904245                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              4973823960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1310851620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         21664216080.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          16839758520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           1222695360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     58860815160                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     25730447040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     551523966120                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           683528111475                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            271.017202                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2481954151993                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1806862000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    9197730000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 2285867261500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  67006181000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   29125071757                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 129080751243                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     16030767                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      12422                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                            98                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   816984                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     8875392                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      1305                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                          169                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  324492                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     24906159                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      13727                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                           267                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  1141476                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     5664050                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      6026                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            1                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 5670076                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numPwrStateTransitions               14332                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          7166                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean     306491306.237790                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev    450212123.622006                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         7166    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       110000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2000000000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            7166                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    325767157000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2196316700500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       5044167715                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     7166                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::cserve                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrmces                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrfen                      1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                   1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                  4515      2.10%      2.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       65      0.03%      2.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrent                      7      0.00%      2.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                197311     91.88%     94.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    5898      2.75%     96.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrkgp                      1      0.00%     96.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      8      0.00%     96.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                     10      0.00%     96.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::whami                      2      0.00%     96.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     6127      2.85%     99.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  559      0.26%     99.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                      235      0.11%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 214742                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     237408                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              6806                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1974                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                2342                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                2052                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1974                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                    78                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.301499                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.033305                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.368998                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       233003428000      9.24%      9.24% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user          11310031000      0.45%      9.69% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle         2277767377500     90.31%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                     4516                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    82712     40.14%     40.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     117      0.06%     40.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    2526      1.23%     41.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  120727     58.58%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               206082                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     81175     49.20%     49.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      117      0.07%     49.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     2526      1.53%     50.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    81175     49.20%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                164993                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             2407796650500     95.47%     95.47% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21               119772000      0.00%     95.47% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22              1231909500      0.05%     95.52% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31            112932506500      4.48%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         2522080838500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.981417                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.672385                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.800618                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.committedInsts                    91624176                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      91624176                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              88624308                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 426787                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     2914804                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     11616229                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     88624308                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        426787                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           121061078                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           66925481                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               178016                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              181017                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      24965086                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    16072147                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    8892939                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               4392633400.998258                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               651534314.001742                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.129166                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.870834                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          15143955                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass               1594759      1.74%      1.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  63157079     68.92%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   186103      0.20%     70.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     70.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  117436      0.13%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                    4179      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 16372425     17.87%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 8818176      9.62%     98.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              156180      0.17%     98.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             148992      0.16%     98.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                1082841      1.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   91638170                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           4412905                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2047.811810                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            20507751                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           4412905                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              4.647222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         265708500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2047.811810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1069                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          894                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          29342985                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         29342985                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     12917914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        12917914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      6999256                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        6999256                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data       279409                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       279409                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data       315467                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       315467                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      19917170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         19917170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     19917170                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        19917170                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      2818104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2818104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1560228                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1560228                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        37144                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        37144                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      4378332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        4378332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      4378332                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       4378332                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  69755034500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  69755034500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  79356728500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  79356728500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    592486000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    592486000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 149111763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 149111763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 149111763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 149111763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     15736018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     15736018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      8559484                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8559484                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data       316553                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       316553                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data       315467                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       315467                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     24295502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24295502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     24295502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24295502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.179086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.179086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.182281                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.182281                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.117339                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.117339                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.180212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.180212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.180212                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.180212                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 24752.469923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24752.469923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 50862.264041                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50862.264041                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15951.055352                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15951.055352                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 34056.751064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34056.751064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 34056.751064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34056.751064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3601304                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3601304                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2818104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2818104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1560228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1560228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        37144                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        37144                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4378332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4378332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4378332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4378332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data        10387                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        10387                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        17443                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        17443                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  66936930500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  66936930500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  77796500500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  77796500500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    555342000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    555342000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 144733431000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 144733431000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 144733431000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 144733431000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1566145500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1566145500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1566145500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1566145500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.179086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.182281                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.182281                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.117339                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117339                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.180212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.180212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 23752.469923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23752.469923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 49862.264041                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49862.264041                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 14951.055352                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14951.055352                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 33056.751064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33056.751064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 33056.751064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33056.751064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 221959.396259                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 221959.396259                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 89786.475950                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 89786.475950                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           4113890                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1021.141787                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            87444385                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           4113890                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             21.255888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       91605162500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1021.141787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.997209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          238                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          421                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         187391471                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        187391471                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     87523042                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        87523042                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      87523042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         87523042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     87523042                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        87523042                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      4115129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       4115129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      4115129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        4115129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      4115129                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       4115129                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  64063847500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  64063847500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  64063847500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  64063847500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  64063847500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  64063847500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     91638171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     91638171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     91638171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     91638171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     91638171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     91638171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.044906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.044906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.044906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.044906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.044906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15567.883170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15567.883170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15567.883170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15567.883170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15567.883170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15567.883170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks      4113890                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           4113890                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      4115129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4115129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      4115129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4115129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      4115129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4115129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  59948718500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  59948718500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  59948718500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  59948718500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  59948718500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  59948718500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.044906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.044906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.044906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14567.883170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14567.883170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14567.883170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14567.883170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14567.883170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14567.883170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 326                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2836480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        368                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7458                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7458                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              188179                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             188179                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5708                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        19964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        34886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       356388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       356388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  391274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        22832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2127                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          202                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9982                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7620                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3827                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        46832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2849936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2849936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2896768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              6220000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               639000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                19500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                19000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy               18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy               18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              197500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            17373000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             1893000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5196000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy               75500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           397080662                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            24499000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy           178596000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements               178130                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                1.564590                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               178130                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         2460427328000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     1.564590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.024447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.024447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              1603746                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             1603746                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total            178194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total           178194                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     70002741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     70002741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  20538196921                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total  20538196921                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  20608199662                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  20608199662                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  20608199662                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  20608199662                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total          178194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total         178194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 174136.171642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174136.171642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115518.116231                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115518.116231                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115650.356701                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115650.356701                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115650.356701                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115650.356701                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        180950                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                35858                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     5.046294                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          177728                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               177728                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       178194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       178194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     49902741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49902741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11641772368                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11641772368                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11691675109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11691675109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11691675109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11691675109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 124136.171642                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124136.171642                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65479.731192                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65479.731192                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65612.058257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65612.058257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65612.058257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65612.058257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                   1303526                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 65322.908163                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    12799385                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1303526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      9.819048                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               15408330000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      691.626389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       8099.380898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      56531.900875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.010553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.123587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.862608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         65453                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          820                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8467                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        20713                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        35420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998734                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  35487523                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 35487523                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3601304                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          3601304                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      4113398                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          4113398                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data                13                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   13                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             746522                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                746522                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst         3991472                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            3991472                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        2434194                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           2434194                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst               3991472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               3180716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  7172188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst              3991472                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              3180716                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 7172188                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           813693                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              813693                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst        123522                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           123522                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       421054                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          421054                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst              123522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             1234747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1358269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst             123522                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            1234747                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1358269                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  67617037000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   67617037000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11865145500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total  11865145500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  37649444500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  37649444500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   11865145500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  105266481500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     117131627000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11865145500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 105266481500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    117131627000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3601304                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3601304                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      4113398                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      4113398                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data            13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        1560215                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1560215                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst      4114994                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        4114994                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      2855248                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       2855248                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           4114994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           4415463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              8530457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          4114994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          4415463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             8530457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.521526                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.521526                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.030018                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.030018                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.147467                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.147467                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.030018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.279642                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.159226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.030018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.279642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.159226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83098.953782                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83098.953782                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 96056.941274                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96056.941274                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 89417.140082                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89417.140082                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 96056.941274                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85253.482292                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86235.956942                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 96056.941274                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85253.482292                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86235.956942                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               885981                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    885981                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         6810                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          6810                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       813693                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         813693                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       123522                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total       123522                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       421054                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       421054                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         123522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        1234747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1358269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        123522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       1234747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1358269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data        10387                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        10387                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        17443                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        17443                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  59480107000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  59480107000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  10629925500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10629925500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  33438904500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33438904500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  10629925500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  92919011500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 103548937000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  10629925500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  92919011500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 103548937000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1477945500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1477945500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1477945500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1477945500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.521526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.521526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.030018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.147467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.147467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.030018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.159226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.030018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.159226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73098.953782                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73098.953782                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86056.941274                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86056.941274                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79417.140082                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79417.140082                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86056.941274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75253.482292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76235.956942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86056.941274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75253.482292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76235.956942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 209459.396259                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 209459.396259                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 84730.006306                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 84730.006306                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       3001156                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1470576                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          982                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7056                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             552034                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              10387                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             10387                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1063709                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           400983                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              110                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            813583                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           813583                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        544978                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        177792                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         5616                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       356577                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       356577                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        34886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      4002588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      4037474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                4394051                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2847696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2847696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        46832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     35899808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     35946640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                38794336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             6167                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                       8816                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1553906                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.004246                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.065023                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1547308     99.58%     99.58% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    6598      0.42%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1553906                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            31668500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          4065193035                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            6930279                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         3121776770                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     17057400                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8526819                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1977                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          24466                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        24458                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               7056                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           6977437                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             10387                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            10387                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4487285                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      4113890                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1229146                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              13                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             13                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1560215                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1560215                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       4115129                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2855401                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         6043                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          500                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     12344013                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     13279247                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              25623260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    131662144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    128315168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              259977312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1310361                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  14177920                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          9857770                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002683                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.051748                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                9831325     99.73%     99.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  26437      0.27%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      8      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            9857770                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        12400212000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           261984                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        4115129000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4427719000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2522083857500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.008991                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8990544000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2531074401500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                5840819                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  5840814                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              562393179                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 745320                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    15.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    93372501                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      93372501                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          170096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data          671568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             841664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       170096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        170096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1015184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1015184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst            10631                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            41973                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               52604                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         63449                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              63449                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst           18919434                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           74697148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              93616582                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      18919434                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         18919434                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       112916860                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            112916860                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       112916860                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst          18919434                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          74697148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            206533442                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       52604                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      63449                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     52604                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    63449                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                3365504                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    1152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1254592                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  841664                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1015184                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                 43838                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              3310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              2367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              2313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              3883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              3616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              2815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              2197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              2703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             3042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             7106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             5602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             5966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             2539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             2245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    8990516000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                 52604                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                63449                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   52586                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    659                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   1130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   1114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   1197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   1137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   1114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   1114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   1147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   1252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   1196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   1191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   1150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   1103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1065                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   1071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   1065                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         9805                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    471.119633                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   280.730579                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   401.907734                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2537     25.87%     25.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1727     17.61%     43.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1066     10.87%     54.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          468      4.77%     59.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          406      4.14%     63.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          358      3.65%     66.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          246      2.51%     69.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          202      2.06%     71.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2795     28.51%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         9805                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1017                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      51.696165                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     98.883716                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            700     68.83%     68.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-127          228     22.42%     91.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           48      4.72%     95.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           17      1.67%     97.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            2      0.20%     97.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            7      0.69%     98.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            2      0.20%     98.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            3      0.29%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            2      0.20%     99.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            5      0.49%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            1      0.10%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            1      0.10%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          1017                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1017                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      19.275320                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     18.788278                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      5.040477                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17           544     53.49%     53.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19            90      8.85%     62.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           109     10.72%     73.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23           109     10.72%     83.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            84      8.26%     92.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            43      4.23%     96.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            13      1.28%     97.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30-31             4      0.39%     97.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-33             5      0.49%     98.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34-35             2      0.20%     98.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-37             2      0.20%     98.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38-39             1      0.10%     98.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::42-43             2      0.20%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-45             3      0.29%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46-47             2      0.20%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-49             1      0.10%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::50-51             1      0.10%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::60-61             1      0.10%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-65             1      0.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          1017                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    732691500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              1718679000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  262930000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     13933.20                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                32683.20                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       374.34                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       139.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     93.62                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    112.92                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.65                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    45431                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   16951                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 86.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77469.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    86.41                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 28395780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 15092715                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               151268040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               56120220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         597430080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            617062620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             30925920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1589174250                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       656143200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        638926500                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             4380826365                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            487.270444                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           7556079000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     43411500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     253542000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2362420500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1708733500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1137511500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3484925000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 41626200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 22117260                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               224196000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               46207440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         673645440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            703081320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             37937760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2073043830                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       609463200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        349971900                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             4781549160                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            531.842029                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           7349208750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     48600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     285638000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1216025000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1587167000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1307027500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4546086500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                       330052                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                       1512                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                            24                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                    75874                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                      260839                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                       269                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                           44                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                   39371                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                       590891                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                       1781                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                            68                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                   115245                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                      428179                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                       846                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                  429025                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numPwrStateTransitions                 100                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples            50                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean          3430370                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev    9201949.880330                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           50    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value     43917500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::total              50                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      8819025500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED    171518500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                         17981088                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       50                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   237      5.30%      5.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       14      0.31%      5.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                  3629     81.11%     86.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                     105      2.35%     89.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      2      0.04%     89.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      2      0.04%     89.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      375      8.38%     97.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   76      1.70%     99.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                       12      0.27%     99.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                  21      0.47%     99.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrunique                   1      0.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   4474                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       7204                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               602                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 340                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                  10                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 345                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   340                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     5                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.573090                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.500000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.724790                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         7382825000     82.11%     82.11% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           1327879000     14.77%     96.87% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle            281123000      3.13%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      237                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     1684     41.69%     41.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                      26      0.64%     42.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                       9      0.22%     42.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                    2320     57.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 4039                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      1681     49.48%     49.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                       26      0.77%     50.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                        9      0.26%     50.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     1681     49.48%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  3397                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0               7602626000     84.55%     84.55% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                26131000      0.29%     84.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                11282000      0.13%     84.97% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31              1351788000     15.03%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total           8991827000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.998219                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.724569                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.841050                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1748325                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1748325                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1682648                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   6081                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       55051                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       176595                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1682648                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          6081                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             2318064                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1223338                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3558                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                3462                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        595686                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      333813                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     261873                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               343036.999962                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               17638051.000038                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.980922                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.019078                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                            247414                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30335      1.73%      1.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1062684     60.72%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     2251      0.13%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1648      0.09%     62.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     62.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                      11      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                     254      0.01%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   343608     19.63%     82.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  260784     14.90%     97.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2162      0.12%     97.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               2006      0.11%     97.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                  44431      2.54%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1750174                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            101064                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              495630                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            103112                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              4.806715                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         2048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          903                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1047                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            693450                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses           693450                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       282298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          282298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data       197888                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         197888                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data         4995                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         4995                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data         6141                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         6141                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data        480186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           480186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data       480186                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          480186                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        43082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         43082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        56690                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        56690                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data         1292                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1292                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        99772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          99772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        99772                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         99772                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1512383500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1512383500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2809938500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2809938500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     24821000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     24821000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   4322322000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4322322000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   4322322000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4322322000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       325380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       325380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data       254578                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       254578                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data         6287                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         6287                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data         6141                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         6141                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       579958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       579958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       579958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       579958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.132405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.132405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.222682                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.222682                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.205503                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.205503                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.172033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.172033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.172033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.172033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 35104.765331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35104.765331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 49566.740166                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49566.740166                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 19211.300310                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19211.300310                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 43321.994147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43321.994147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 43321.994147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43321.994147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        75928                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             75928                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        43082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        56690                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        56690                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1292                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         1292                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        99772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        99772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        99772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data         1076                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1076                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1469301500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1469301500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2753248500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2753248500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     23529000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23529000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4222550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4222550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4222550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4222550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    136832000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    136832000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    136832000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    136832000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.132405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.132405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.222682                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222682                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.205503                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.205503                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.172033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.172033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.172033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.172033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 34104.765331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34104.765331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 48566.740166                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48566.740166                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 18211.300310                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18211.300310                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 42321.994147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42321.994147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 42321.994147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42321.994147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 224314.754098                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 224314.754098                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 127167.286245                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 127167.286245                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             99208                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.972678                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             1729616                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            100231                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             17.256298                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1023.972678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          323                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          347                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           3599563                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          3599563                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      1650959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         1650959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       1650959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          1650959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      1650959                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         1650959                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        99215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         99215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        99215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          99215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        99215                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         99215                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2095401500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2095401500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2095401500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2095401500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2095401500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2095401500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      1750174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1750174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      1750174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      1750174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      1750174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      1750174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.056689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.056689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.056689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.056689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21119.805473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21119.805473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21119.805473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21119.805473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21119.805473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21119.805473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        99208                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             99208                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        99215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        99215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        99215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        99215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        99215                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99215                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1996186500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1996186500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1996186500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1996186500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1996186500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1996186500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.056689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.056689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.056689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 20119.805473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20119.805473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 20119.805473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20119.805473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 20119.805473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20119.805473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  87                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   724992                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         90                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  637                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 637                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               45778                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              45778                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          130                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           88                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2152                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        90678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        90678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   92830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          121                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          593                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          405                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         1751                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       725208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       725208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   726959                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy               114000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                21000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               91500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              963500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy              637000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           101042144                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1686000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            45366000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                45339                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      64                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                45403                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           64                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               408051                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              408051                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             45339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            45339                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      3341485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3341485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5425623659                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   5425623659                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5428965144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   5428965144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5428965144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   5428965144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           45339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          45339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 123758.703704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123758.703704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 119739.222700                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119739.222700                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 119741.616357                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119741.616357                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 119741.616357                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119741.616357                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         53569                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 7581                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     7.066218                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           45312                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                45312                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      1991485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1991485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3158154000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3158154000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3160145485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3160145485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3160145485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3160145485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 73758.703704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73758.703704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 69697.960805                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69697.960805                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 69700.379034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69700.379034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 69700.379034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69700.379034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     43603                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 56421.929884                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     3205556                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    102068                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     31.406082                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      571.887853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      15664.847500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      40185.194531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.008726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.239027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.613177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.860930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         58465                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          946                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9532                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        22800                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        25157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.892105                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    854298                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   854298                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        75928                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            75928                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        99159                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            99159                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              27298                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 27298                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst           88582                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              88582                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          31774                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             31774                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                 88582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 59072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   147654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                88582                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                59072                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  147654                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            29392                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               29392                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst         10631                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            10631                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        12600                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           12600                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst               10631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               41992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  52623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst              10631                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              41992                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 52623                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2381535500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2381535500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    917230000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    917230000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1092380500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1092380500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     917230000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    3473916000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4391146000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    917230000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   3473916000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4391146000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        75928                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        75928                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        99159                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        99159                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          56690                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             56690                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst        99213                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          99213                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        44374                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         44374                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             99213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data            101064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               200277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            99213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data           101064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              200277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.518469                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.518469                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.107153                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.107153                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.283950                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.283950                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.107153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.415499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.262751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.107153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.415499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.262751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81026.656913                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81026.656913                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86278.807262                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86278.807262                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86696.865079                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86696.865079                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86278.807262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82728.043437                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83445.375596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86278.807262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82728.043437                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83445.375596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                18137                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     18137                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          320                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           320                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        29392                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          29392                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        10631                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        10631                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        12600                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        12600                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          10631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          41992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             52623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         10631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         41992                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            52623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data         1076                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1076                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2087615500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2087615500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    810920000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    810920000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    966380500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    966380500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    810920000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3053996000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3864916000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    810920000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3053996000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3864916000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    129207000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    129207000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    129207000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    129207000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.518469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.518469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.107153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.283950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.107153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.415499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.262751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.107153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.415499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.262751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71026.656913                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71026.656913                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76278.807262                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76278.807262                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76696.865079                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76696.865079                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76278.807262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72728.043437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73445.375596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76278.807262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72728.043437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73445.375596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 211814.754098                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 211814.754098                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 120080.855019                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 120080.855019                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        186053                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       104934                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           27                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 610                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              23868                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                466                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               466                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        63449                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            24642                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               19                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             29373                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            29373                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         23258                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         45312                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        16823                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        90678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        90678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2152                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       147979                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       150131                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 240809                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1751                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1131856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1133607                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1858599                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                            16850                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                        432                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             99038                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.170137                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.375755                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   82188     82.99%     82.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   16850     17.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               99038                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             1827000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           249535246                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           17611360                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy          122066000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       400551                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       200273                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          362                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1271                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1266                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            5                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                610                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            144202                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               466                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              466                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        94065                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        99208                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           50602                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            56690                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           56690                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         99215                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        44401                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        16823                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       297636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       305347                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                602983                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3174736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2833671                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                6008407                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           60458                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    290272                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           261808                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.006260                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.079116                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 260174     99.38%     99.38% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1629      0.62%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      5      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             261808                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          288614500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy             3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          99215000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         101907000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8990544000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
