
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.446091                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2446090960500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2446090960500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 193331                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   193331                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5167131012                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 738152                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   473.39                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    91521971                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      91521971                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst         1552000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        23755456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::tsunami.ide         4032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           25311488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      1552000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1552000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     18984320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        18984320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst            48500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data           742358                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::tsunami.ide           126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              790984                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        593260                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             593260                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             634482                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data            9711600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::tsunami.ide            1648                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              10347730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        634482                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           634482                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         7761085                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              7761085                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         7761085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            634482                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data           9711600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::tsunami.ide           1648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             18108815                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      790984                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     593260                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    790984                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   593260                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               50608192                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   14784                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                25327616                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                25311488                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             18984320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    231                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                197494                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             45830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             44881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             45478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             45047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             46522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             48570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             44440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             47768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             53694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             48655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            49862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            61124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            55770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            56095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            48578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            48439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             23659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             23891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             23563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             23367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             24104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             25045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             22432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             24049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             25123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             24348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            24954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            28720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            26239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            25981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            24658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            25611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                        77                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2446090864500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                790984                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5               593260                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  790623                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                      15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                      20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                      26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   4062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   4914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  23710                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  23427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  23289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  23705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  23798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  24103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  25376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  24083                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  24095                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  24980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  23826                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  23917                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  23697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  23603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  23140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  23069                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                    211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                    221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                    230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                    181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                    175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                    158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                    129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                    125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                    112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                    101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                    107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                    120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                    110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                    107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                     79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                     89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                     88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                    117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                    137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                    175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                     83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                     92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                     98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       170310                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    445.867794                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   260.378205                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   396.503351                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        48262     28.34%     28.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        32416     19.03%     47.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14759      8.67%     56.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9950      5.84%     61.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6955      4.08%     65.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         5233      3.07%     69.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         5030      2.95%     71.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         5157      3.03%     75.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        42548     24.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       170310                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        22864                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      34.584587                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    454.832650                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047        22858     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-10239            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18432-20479            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::45056-47103            2      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         22864                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        22864                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.308607                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.904353                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      5.552036                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         18751     82.01%     82.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19          2914     12.74%     94.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            35      0.15%     94.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            12      0.05%     94.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            17      0.07%     95.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           411      1.80%     96.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            55      0.24%     97.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            14      0.06%     97.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           218      0.95%     98.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            39      0.17%     98.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            39      0.17%     98.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            30      0.13%     98.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           179      0.78%     99.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            13      0.06%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-45             6      0.03%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            11      0.05%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            11      0.05%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::50-51             3      0.01%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-53             4      0.02%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::54-55             6      0.03%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-57             1      0.00%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::58-59             4      0.02%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::60-61             4      0.02%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::62-63             5      0.02%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-65             3      0.01%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::66-67             2      0.01%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            15      0.07%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::70-71             3      0.01%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::72-73             4      0.02%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::74-75             9      0.04%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            11      0.05%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::82-83             2      0.01%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::84-85             2      0.01%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::86-87             1      0.00%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::88-89             3      0.01%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::90-91             6      0.03%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::92-93             3      0.01%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::94-95             6      0.03%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::96-97             2      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::98-99             1      0.00%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            5      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::102-103            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::110-111            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::112-113            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         22864                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  14375113001                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             29201731751                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 3953765000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18179.02                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                36929.02                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        20.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        10.35                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     10.35                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      7.76                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      23.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   692200                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  323986                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 87.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                81.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1767095.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    85.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                565195260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                300404610                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              2631347040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              992374200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         12766072800.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          10809048510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy            823432320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     30240529200                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     15658441440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     557346907020                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           632137931640                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            258.427811                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2420233627500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1310415500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    5424866000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 2313139122500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  40777264750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   19121926500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  66317365250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                650825280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                345921840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              3014629380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1073409480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         12253463040.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          11159604210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy            737652480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     31325806350                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     13700657280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     557539339080                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           631805606550                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            258.291951                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2419687647750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1095105500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    5204234750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 2315312029000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  35678828500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   20103972500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  68696790250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     16011042                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      12434                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                            98                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   817021                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     8864006                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      1307                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                          169                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  324494                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     24875048                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      13741                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                           267                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  1141515                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     5651783                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      6040                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            1                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 5657823                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numPwrStateTransitions               14332                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          7166                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean     306852028.328217                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev    450637482.012664                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         7166    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        43000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2000000000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            7166                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    247189325500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2198901635000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       4892181921                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     7166                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::cserve                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrmces                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrfen                      1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                   1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                  4539      2.12%      2.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       65      0.03%      2.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrent                      7      0.00%      2.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                196384     91.91%     94.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    5789      2.71%     96.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrkgp                      1      0.00%     96.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      8      0.00%     96.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                     10      0.00%     96.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::whami                      2      0.00%     96.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     6065      2.84%     99.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  559      0.26%     99.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                      235      0.11%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 213668                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     236300                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              6757                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1966                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                2353                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                2050                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1966                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                    84                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.303389                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.035699                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.370170                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       183150284500      7.49%      7.49% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           8833953000      0.36%      7.85% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle         2254105102000     92.15%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                     4540                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    82481     40.23%     40.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     117      0.06%     40.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    2464      1.20%     41.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  119969     58.51%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               205031                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     80944     49.22%     49.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      117      0.07%     49.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     2464      1.50%     50.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    80944     49.22%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                164469                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             2360442170000     96.50%     96.50% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                90998500      0.00%     96.50% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22              1075903000      0.04%     96.55% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31             84480270000      3.45%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         2446089341500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.981365                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.674708                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.802167                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.committedInsts                    91521971                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      91521971                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              88526727                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 428395                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     2909708                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     11607376                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     88526727                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        428395                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           120927816                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           66849294                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               178808                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              181833                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      24934125                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    16052560                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    8881565                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               4397803269.998202                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               494378651.001798                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.101055                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.898945                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          15127344                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass               1594708      1.74%      1.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  63091011     68.92%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   186123      0.20%     70.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     70.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  117484      0.13%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                    4179      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 16351347     17.86%     88.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 8805898      9.62%     98.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              156972      0.17%     98.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             149760      0.16%     98.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                1078497      1.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   91535979                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2981479                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.952234                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            21893957                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2981479                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              7.343321                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         168190500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.952234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          773                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         799675985                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        799675985                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     13570171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        13570171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      7735851                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        7735851                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data       292742                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       292742                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data       315343                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       315343                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      21306022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         21306022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     21306022                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        21306022                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      2146376                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2146376                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       812505                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       812505                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        23683                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        23683                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2958881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2958881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2958881                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2958881                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  51576486500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  51576486500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  43957342500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  43957342500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    365907500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    365907500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  95533829000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  95533829000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  95533829000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  95533829000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     15716547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     15716547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      8548356                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8548356                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data       316425                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       316425                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data       315343                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       315343                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     24264903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24264903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     24264903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24264903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.136568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.136568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.095048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.095048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.074846                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.074846                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.121941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.121941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.121941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.121941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 24029.567280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24029.567280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 54101.011686                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54101.011686                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15450.217456                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15450.217456                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 32287.148081                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32287.148081                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 32287.148081                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32287.148081                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2445123                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2445123                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2146376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2146376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       812505                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       812505                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        23683                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        23683                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2958881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2958881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2958881                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2958881                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data        10325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        10325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        17381                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        17381                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  49430110500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  49430110500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  43144837500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  43144837500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    342224500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    342224500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  92574948000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  92574948000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  92574948000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  92574948000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1566229500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1566229500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1566229500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1566229500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.136568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.095048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.074846                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074846                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.121941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.121941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 23029.567280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23029.567280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 53101.011686                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53101.011686                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 14450.217456                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14450.217456                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 31287.148081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31287.148081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 31287.148081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31287.148081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 221971.301020                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 221971.301020                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 90111.587366                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 90111.587366                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           2495371                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.168858                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            88936321                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           2495371                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             35.640520                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       39848052500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   511.168858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.998377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          242                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         185568058                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        185568058                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     89039882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        89039882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      89039882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         89039882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     89039882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        89039882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      2496098                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       2496098                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      2496098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        2496098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      2496098                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       2496098                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  36386219500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  36386219500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  36386219500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  36386219500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  36386219500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  36386219500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     91535980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     91535980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     91535980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     91535980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     91535980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     91535980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027269                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027269                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027269                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027269                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027269                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027269                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14577.239956                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14577.239956                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14577.239956                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14577.239956                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14577.239956                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14577.239956                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks      2495371                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           2495371                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      2496098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2496098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      2496098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2496098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      2496098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2496098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  33890121500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33890121500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  33890121500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33890121500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  33890121500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33890121500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027269                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027269                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027269                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027269                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13577.239956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13577.239956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13577.239956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13577.239956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13577.239956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13577.239956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 326                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2836480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        368                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7330                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7330                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               99221                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              99221                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        19964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        34762                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       178340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       178340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  213102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        22336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2127                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          202                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9982                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7620                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3827                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        46336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2849936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2849936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2896272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              6136000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               642000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                19500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                19500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy               18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy               18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              199500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            17385500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             1895500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5231000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy               76000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           283276271                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            24437000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            89572000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                89138                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.570518                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                89138                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         2402480432000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.570518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.017829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.017829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               802530                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              802530                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             89170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            89170                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     44445822                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     44445822                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10475150449                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total  10475150449                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10519596271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  10519596271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10519596271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  10519596271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           89170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          89170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 162211.029197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162211.029197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117836.015670                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117836.015670                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117972.370427                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117972.370427                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117972.370427                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117972.370427                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         36994                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                18980                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     1.949104                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           88864                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                88864                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     30745822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30745822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   6027112909                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6027112909                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   6057858731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6057858731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   6057858731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6057858731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 112211.029197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112211.029197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67799.596259                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67799.596259                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67936.062925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67936.062925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67936.062925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67936.062925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    756379                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32697.280653                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     8275505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    756379                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     10.940950                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               11566815000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      240.001584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       4679.470469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      27777.808600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.007324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.142806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.847711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.997842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32766                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          837                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         6485                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        14684                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        10748                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999939                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  88428437                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 88428437                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2445123                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2445123                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      2494861                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          2494861                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data                16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             377835                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                377835                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst         2447566                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            2447566                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1862051                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1862051                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst               2447566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               2239886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  4687452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst              2447566                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              2239886                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 4687452                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data              35                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 35                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           434619                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              434619                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst         48500                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            48500                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       308008                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          308008                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst               48500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data              742627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 791127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst              48500                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data             742627                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                791127                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       997500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       997500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  37957137000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   37957137000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4446223500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   4446223500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  26964910000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  26964910000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    4446223500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   64922047000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      69368270500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4446223500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  64922047000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     69368270500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2445123                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2445123                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      2494861                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      2494861                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data            51                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               51                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         812454                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            812454                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst      2496066                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        2496066                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      2170059                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       2170059                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           2496066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           2982513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              5478579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          2496066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          2982513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             5478579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.686275                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.686275                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.534946                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.534946                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.019431                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.019431                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.141935                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.141935                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.019431                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.248994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.144404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.019431                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.248994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.144404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        28500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        28500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87334.278989                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87334.278989                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 91674.711340                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91674.711340                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87546.135165                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87546.135165                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 91674.711340                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87422.147323                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87682.850541                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 91674.711340                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87422.147323                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87682.850541                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               504396                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    504396                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           53                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            53                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           35                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            35                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       434619                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         434619                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        48500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        48500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       308008                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       308008                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          48500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         742627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            791127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         48500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        742627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           791127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data        10325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        10325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        17381                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        17381                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       647500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       647500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  33610947000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33610947000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3961223500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3961223500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  23884830000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23884830000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3961223500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  57495777000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  61457000500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3961223500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  57495777000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  61457000500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1478029500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1478029500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1478029500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1478029500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.686275                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.686275                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.534946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.534946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.019431                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019431                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.141935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.141935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.019431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.248994                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.144404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.019431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.248994                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.144404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77334.278989                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77334.278989                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81674.711340                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81674.711340                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77546.135165                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77546.135165                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81674.711340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77422.147323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77682.850541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81674.711340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77422.147323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77682.850541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 209471.301020                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 209471.301020                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 85037.080720                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 85037.080720                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       1724480                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       847423                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          590                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7056                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             363838                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              10325                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             10325                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       593260                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           250811                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               96                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            434558                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           434558                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        356782                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         88896                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         3062                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       178434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       178434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        34762                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2336953                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      2371715                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2550149                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2847680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2847680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        46336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     41448128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     41494464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                44342144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             3418                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                      11392                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            897713                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.004068                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.063652                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  894061     99.59%     99.59% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    3652      0.41%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              897713                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            31640500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          2911231667                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            4076572                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         2618372513                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     10955512                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      5476923                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1843                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1900                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1900                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               7056                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           4673361                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             10325                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            10325                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2949519                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      2495371                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          788339                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              51                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             51                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           812454                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          812454                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       2496098                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2170210                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         3293                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7487535                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      8981517                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              16469052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    159725984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    173735424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              333461408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          760003                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  16146432                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          6255866                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000599                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.024463                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                6252120     99.94%     99.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   3746      0.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            6255866                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         7961856000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           196403                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        2496098000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        2994757000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2446090960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.005681                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  5680991000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2451771951500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                9729279                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  9729266                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              592617640                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 739176                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     9.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    93267228                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      93267228                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          156288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data          567392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             723680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       156288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        156288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       874656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          874656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             4884                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            17731                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               22615                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         27333                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              27333                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst           27510693                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           99875532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             127386225                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      27510693                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         27510693                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       153961870                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            153961870                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       153961870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst          27510693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          99875532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            281348096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       22615                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      27333                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     22615                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    27333                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1443264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4096                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  984256                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  723680                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               874656                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     64                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                 11951                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             2462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             2162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             4270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         4                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    5680953000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                 22615                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                27333                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   22551                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    785                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    767                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    805                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    821                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   1165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    808                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    775                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         5300                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    457.974340                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   265.773110                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   405.394821                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1495     28.21%     28.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1005     18.96%     47.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          435      8.21%     55.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          310      5.85%     61.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          188      3.55%     64.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          140      2.64%     67.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          117      2.21%     69.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           93      1.75%     71.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1517     28.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         5300                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          592                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      37.591216                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     92.593896                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            489     82.60%     82.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           64     10.81%     93.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           21      3.55%     96.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            3      0.51%     97.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            5      0.84%     98.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            3      0.51%     98.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            2      0.34%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      0.17%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      0.17%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            1      0.17%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            1      0.17%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            1      0.17%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           592                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          592                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      25.978041                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     23.489799                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     13.774514                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17           252     42.57%     42.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19            43      7.26%     49.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-21             8      1.35%     51.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23             5      0.84%     52.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-25             7      1.18%     53.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            86     14.53%     67.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            20      3.38%     71.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30-31             7      1.18%     72.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            39      6.59%     78.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            24      4.05%     82.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            15      2.53%     85.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            13      2.20%     87.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            35      5.91%     93.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::42-43             6      1.01%     94.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-45             1      0.17%     94.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46-47             7      1.18%     95.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-49             2      0.34%     96.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::50-51             2      0.34%     96.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::54-55             2      0.34%     96.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-57             1      0.17%     97.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::66-67             1      0.17%     97.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::74-75             3      0.51%     97.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::76-77             2      0.34%     98.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::78-79             2      0.34%     98.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::80-81             1      0.17%     98.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::82-83             1      0.17%     98.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::86-87             1      0.17%     98.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::88-89             1      0.17%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::90-91             1      0.17%     99.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::92-93             1      0.17%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::96-97             1      0.17%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            1      0.17%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::108-109            1      0.17%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           592                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    356010000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               778841250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  112755000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15786.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34536.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       254.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       173.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    127.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    153.96                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         3.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.30                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    19131                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   13497                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 84.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     113737.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    86.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 11916660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  6333855                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                49623000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               39677220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         320227440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            282535320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             19840800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy       707882430                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       427845600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        617585400                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             2483654565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            437.186851                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           5002539750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     34678000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     136072000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2342755750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1114167000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     500952250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   1552366000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 25939620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 13779645                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               111391140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               40601160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         397672080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            383876760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             18226560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1238168250                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       363130080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        308893320                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             2901856185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            510.801053                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           4791013000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     23004500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     168837250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1130192250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    945668250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     698038500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2715250250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                       330294                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                       1512                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                            24                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                    75874                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                      258898                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                       269                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                           44                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                   39371                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                       589192                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                       1781                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                            68                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                   115245                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                      427589                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                       846                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                  428435                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numPwrStateTransitions                 104                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples            52                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean     2201557.692308                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev    4705521.282050                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           52    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value     24379500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::total              52                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      5566510000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED    114481000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                         11361982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       52                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   238      5.38%      5.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       14      0.32%      5.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                  3588     81.08%     86.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                      99      2.24%     89.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      2      0.05%     89.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      2      0.05%     89.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      372      8.41%     97.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   76      1.72%     99.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                       12      0.27%     99.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                  21      0.47%     99.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrunique                   1      0.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   4425                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       7152                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               597                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 340                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                  13                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 346                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   340                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     6                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.579564                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.461538                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.728421                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         4514645000     79.46%     79.46% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user            955931000     16.83%     96.29% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle            211024000      3.71%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      238                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     1677     42.01%     42.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                      26      0.65%     42.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                       6      0.15%     42.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                    2283     57.19%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 3992                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      1674     49.53%     49.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                       26      0.77%     50.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                        6      0.18%     50.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     1674     49.53%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  3380                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0               4653798000     81.91%     81.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                20891500      0.37%     82.28% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 3775000      0.07%     82.34% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31              1003135500     17.66%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total           5681600000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.998211                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.733246                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.846693                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1745257                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1745257                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1679878                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   6148                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       54693                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       176978                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1679878                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          6148                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             2313485                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1221158                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3591                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                3496                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        593992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      334060                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     259932                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               228961.999960                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               11133020.000040                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.979848                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.020152                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                            247303                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30272      1.73%      1.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1061702     60.77%     62.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     2176      0.12%     62.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     62.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1650      0.09%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                      11      0.00%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                     254      0.01%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   343778     19.68%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  258804     14.81%     97.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2195      0.13%     97.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               2038      0.12%     97.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                  44226      2.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1747106                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             50005                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              560894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             51029                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             10.991671                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          801                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          18952341                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         18952341                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       303590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          303590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data       225376                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         225376                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data         5600                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         5600                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data         6118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         6118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data        528966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           528966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data       528966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          528966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        22060                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         22060                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        27290                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        27290                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data          664                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          664                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        49350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          49350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        49350                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         49350                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    709968000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    709968000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1231327500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1231327500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     10436500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     10436500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   1941295500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1941295500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1941295500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1941295500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       325650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       325650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data       252666                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       252666                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data         6264                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         6264                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data         6118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         6118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       578316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       578316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       578316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       578316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.067741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.108008                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.108008                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.106003                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.106003                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.085334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.085334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.085334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.085334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 32183.499547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32183.499547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 45120.098937                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45120.098937                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15717.620482                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15717.620482                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 39337.294833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39337.294833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 39337.294833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39337.294833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        36922                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             36922                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        22060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        27290                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        27290                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          664                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          664                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        49350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        49350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data         1073                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1073                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    687908000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    687908000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1204037500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1204037500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      9772500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9772500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1891945500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1891945500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1891945500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1891945500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    136836500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    136836500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    136836500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    136836500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.108008                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.108008                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.106003                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.106003                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.085334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.085334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 31183.499547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31183.499547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 44120.098937                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44120.098937                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 14717.620482                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14717.620482                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 38337.294833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38337.294833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 38337.294833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38337.294833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 224322.131148                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 224322.131148                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 127527.027027                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 127527.027027                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             58731                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.972820                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             1791929                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             59243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             30.247101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   511.972820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          205                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          239                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           3552950                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          3552950                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      1688368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         1688368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       1688368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          1688368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      1688368                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         1688368                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        58738                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         58738                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        58738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          58738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        58738                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         58738                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1152217500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1152217500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1152217500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1152217500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1152217500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1152217500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      1747106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1747106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      1747106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      1747106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      1747106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      1747106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.033620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.033620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.033620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 19616.219483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19616.219483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 19616.219483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19616.219483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 19616.219483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19616.219483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        58731                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             58731                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        58738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        58738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        58738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1093479500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1093479500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1093479500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1093479500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1093479500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1093479500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.033620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.033620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.033620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18616.219483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18616.219483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18616.219483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18616.219483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18616.219483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18616.219483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  87                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   724992                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         90                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  637                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 637                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               23119                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              23119                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           88                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        45366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        45366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   47512                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          121                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          593                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          405                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         1727                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       725208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       725208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   726935                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy               114000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                21000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               92500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              963500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy              639500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy            72189527                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1683000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            22710000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                22683                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      32                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                22715                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           32                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               204147                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              204147                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             22683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            22683                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      3182985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3182985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2768310542                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   2768310542                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2771493527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   2771493527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2771493527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   2771493527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           22683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          22683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117888.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117888.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 122188.848076                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122188.848076                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 122183.729092                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122183.729092                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 122183.729092                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122183.729092                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         12365                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4043                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     3.058372                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           22656                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                22656                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      1832985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1832985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1634731268                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1634731268                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1636564253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1636564253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1636564253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1636564253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67888.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67888.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 72154.452154                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72154.452154                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 72149.374113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72149.374113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 72149.374113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72149.374113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     14701                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 28606.932660                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     2076718                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     46081                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     45.066687                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      124.745224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       8328.050697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      20154.136739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.254152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.615055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.873014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         31380                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          865                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8012                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        12568                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         9930                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.957642                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   1761111                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  1761111                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        36922                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            36922                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        58676                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            58676                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              14864                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 14864                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst           53852                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              53852                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          17403                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             17403                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                 53852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 32267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    86119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                53852                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                32267                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   86119                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data               8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            12417                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               12417                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          4884                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             4884                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data         5321                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5321                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                4884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               17738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  22622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               4884                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              17738                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 22622                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       228000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       228000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1006735000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1006735000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    439905500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    439905500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    480663000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    480663000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     439905500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    1487398000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1927303500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    439905500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1487398000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1927303500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        36922                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        36922                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        58676                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        58676                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data             9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          27281                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             27281                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst        58736                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          58736                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        22724                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         22724                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             58736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data             50005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               108741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            58736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data            50005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              108741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.888889                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.455152                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.455152                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.083152                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.083152                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.234158                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.234158                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.083152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.354725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.208036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.083152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.354725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.208036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        28500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        28500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81077.152291                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81077.152291                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 90070.741196                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90070.741196                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 90333.208044                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90333.208044                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 90070.741196                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83853.760289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85195.981788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 90070.741196                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83853.760289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85195.981788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 4677                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      4677                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            5                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             5                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             8                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        12417                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          12417                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         4884                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         4884                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         5321                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         5321                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           4884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          17738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             22622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          4884                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         17738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            22622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data         1073                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1073                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       148000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       148000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    882565000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    882565000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    391065500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    391065500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    427453000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    427453000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    391065500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1310018000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1701083500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    391065500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1310018000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1701083500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    129211500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    129211500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    129211500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    129211500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.455152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.083152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.234158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.083152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.354725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.208036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.083152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.354725                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.208036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71077.152291                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71077.152291                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80070.741196                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80070.741196                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 80333.208044                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80333.208044                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80070.741196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73853.760289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75195.981788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80070.741196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73853.760289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75195.981788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 211822.131148                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 211822.131148                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 120420.782852                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 120420.782852                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         82689                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        46699                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           27                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 610                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10842                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                463                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               463                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        27333                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            10039                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               15                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             12410                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            12410                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         10232                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         22656                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         9308                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        45366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        45366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        59934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        62080                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 107446                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1727                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       873344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       875071                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1600063                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             9335                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                        864                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             46386                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.201246                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.400936                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   37051     79.88%     79.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    9335     20.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               46386                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             1830500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           137377776                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            9762532                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy           76121750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       217488                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       108748                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          345                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            156                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          156                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                610                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             82099                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               463                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              463                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        41599                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        58731                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           23107                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               9                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              9                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            27281                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           27281                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         58738                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        22751                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         9308                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       176205                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       152206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                328411                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3758944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2784255                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                6543199                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           24065                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    150592                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           133861                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.003758                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.061184                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 133358     99.62%     99.62% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    503      0.38%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             133861                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          157338500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy            34485                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          58738000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          50851000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5680991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
