
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.510340                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2510339838500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2510339838500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 149387                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   149387                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             4093508088                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 743276                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   613.25                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    91611157                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      91611157                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst         1074016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        18301600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::tsunami.ide         4048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           19379664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      1074016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1074016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     16393312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        16393312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst            67126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          1143850                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::tsunami.ide           253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1211229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1024582                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1024582                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             427837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data            7290487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::tsunami.ide            1613                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total               7719936                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        427837                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           427837                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         6530316                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              6530316                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         6530316                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            427837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data           7290487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::tsunami.ide           1613                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             14250252                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1211229                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1024582                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1211229                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1024582                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               77502912                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   15744                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                39667328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                19379664                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             16393312                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    246                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                404753                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             75104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             75784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             72371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             73476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             76457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             77966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             72449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             76797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             78329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             72783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            74425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            80209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            81199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            75232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            72720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            75682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             38360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             40433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             37586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             39101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             39315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             40789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             37523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             39794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             39274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             37304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            37847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            39325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            39087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            37348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            37495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            39221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2510335600500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4               1211229                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4              1024582                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1210723                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                      18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                      16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                      19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                      33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                      66                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                     28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                     13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   5814                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   7485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  38158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  37965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  38196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  37931                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  37744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  37536                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  37539                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  37572                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  38131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  37920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  37748                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  37717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  37526                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  37465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  37508                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  37395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                    131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                    114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                    110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                    103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                    125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                    115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                     94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                     75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                     70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                     65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                     62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                     72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       273956                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    427.697294                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   252.290707                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   386.151360                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        77693     28.36%     28.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        53835     19.65%     48.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        26952      9.84%     57.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        16793      6.13%     63.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        12831      4.68%     68.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         8587      3.13%     71.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         7541      2.75%     74.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         7039      2.57%     77.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        62685     22.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       273956                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37238                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      32.519496                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    487.574934                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095        37235     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::81920-86015            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         37238                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37238                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.644342                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.541120                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      2.355435                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         31378     84.26%     84.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19          4195     11.27%     95.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           502      1.35%     96.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23           376      1.01%     97.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           328      0.88%     98.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           263      0.71%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            65      0.17%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            17      0.05%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            13      0.03%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34-35             8      0.02%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-37             5      0.01%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38-39             2      0.01%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            13      0.03%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            10      0.03%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-45             7      0.02%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46-47             6      0.02%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-49             5      0.01%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::50-51             7      0.02%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            14      0.04%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            14      0.04%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-57             5      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::58-59             1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::62-63             2      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-65             1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::90-91             1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         37238                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  19421781460                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             42127712710                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 6054915000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     16038.03                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34788.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        30.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        15.80                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      7.72                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      6.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.88                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1081611                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  475218                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 89.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                76.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1122785.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    85.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                975995160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                518753730                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              4286884560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1633343220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         18232680960.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          24241989420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           1175822880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     36765074670                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     21909742080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     558766048500                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           668515448970                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            266.304760                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2454092034999                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2000462000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    7744500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 2316413569250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  57056761500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   46499396001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  80625149749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                980050680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                520909290                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              4359534060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1602023220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         16879243680.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          23914011420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           1079241600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     34665574290                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     19548224160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     561166905180                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           664724503560                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            264.794628                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2455066329499                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1792423750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    7167378000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 2328138846750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  50906732000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   46313402251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  76021055749                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     16029225                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      12422                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                            98                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   816984                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     8873988                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      1305                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                          169                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  324492                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     24903213                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      13727                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                           267                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  1141476                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     5661488                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      6026                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            1                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 5667514                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numPwrStateTransitions               14344                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          7172                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean     306275076.408254                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev    450167556.422592                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         7172    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        16000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2000000000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            7172                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    313734990500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2196604848000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       5020679677                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     7172                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::cserve                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrmces                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrfen                      1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                   1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                  4520      2.11%      2.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       65      0.03%      2.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrent                      7      0.00%      2.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                197113     91.89%     94.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    5873      2.74%     96.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrkgp                      1      0.00%     96.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      8      0.00%     96.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                     10      0.00%     96.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::whami                      2      0.00%     96.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     6116      2.85%     99.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  559      0.26%     99.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                      235      0.11%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 214513                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     237168                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              6798                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1967                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                2344                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                2047                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1967                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                    80                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.301118                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.034130                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.368530                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       222540932500      8.86%      8.86% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           9779602000      0.39%      9.25% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle         2278018034000     90.75%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                     4521                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    82649     40.15%     40.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     117      0.06%     40.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    2515      1.22%     41.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  120581     58.57%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               205862                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     81112     49.20%     49.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      117      0.07%     49.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     2515      1.53%     50.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    81112     49.20%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                164856                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             2397607620500     95.51%     95.51% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21               112047000      0.00%     95.51% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22              1203819500      0.05%     95.56% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31            111415083500      4.44%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         2510338570500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.981403                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.672676                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.800808                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.committedInsts                    91611157                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      91611157                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              88612105                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 427122                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     2914370                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     11615425                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     88612105                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        427122                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           121043918                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           66915432                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               178181                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              181187                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      24962169                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    16070630                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    8891539                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               4393209695.998250                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               627469981.001750                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.124977                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.875023                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          15142315                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass               1594647      1.74%      1.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  63147975     68.92%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   186246      0.20%     70.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     70.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  117446      0.13%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                    4179      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 16370677     17.87%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 8816600      9.62%     98.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              156345      0.17%     98.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             149152      0.16%     98.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                1081884      1.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   91625151                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           4412487                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2047.822894                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            20505215                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           4412487                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              4.647088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         265708500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2047.822894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          842                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1067                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          29339655                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         29339655                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     12906745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        12906745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      7008301                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        7008301                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data       278917                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       278917                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data       315581                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       315581                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      19915046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         19915046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     19915046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        19915046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      2827640                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2827640                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1549690                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1549690                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        37752                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        37752                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      4377330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        4377330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      4377330                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       4377330                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  64446944000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  64446944000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  78042514000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  78042514000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    552778000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    552778000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 142489458000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 142489458000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 142489458000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 142489458000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     15734385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     15734385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      8557991                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8557991                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data       316669                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       316669                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data       315581                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       315581                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     24292376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24292376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     24292376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24292376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.179711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.179711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.181081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.181081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.119216                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.119216                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.180194                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.180194                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.180194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.180194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 22791.778303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22791.778303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 50360.081048                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50360.081048                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14642.350074                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14642.350074                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 32551.682875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32551.682875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 32551.682875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32551.682875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3760131                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3760131                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2827640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2827640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1549690                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1549690                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        37752                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        37752                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4377330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4377330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4377330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4377330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data        10376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        10376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        17432                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        17432                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  61619304000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  61619304000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  76492824000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  76492824000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    515026000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    515026000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 138112128000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 138112128000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 138112128000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 138112128000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1566232500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1566232500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1566232500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1566232500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.179711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.181081                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.181081                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.119216                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119216                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.180194                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180194                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.180194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 21791.778303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21791.778303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 49360.081048                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49360.081048                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13642.350074                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13642.350074                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 31551.682875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31551.682875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 31551.682875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31551.682875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 221971.726190                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 221971.726190                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 89848.124140                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 89848.124140                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           4110152                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1021.132004                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            87445435                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           4110152                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             21.275475                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       91750356500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1021.132004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.997199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          289                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          481                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         187361695                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        187361695                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     87513761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        87513761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      87513761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         87513761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     87513761                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        87513761                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      4111391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       4111391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      4111391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        4111391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      4111391                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       4111391                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  58707806500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  58707806500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  58707806500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  58707806500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  58707806500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  58707806500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     91625152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     91625152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     91625152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     91625152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     91625152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     91625152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.044872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.044872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.044872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.044872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.044872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14279.305106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14279.305106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14279.305106                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14279.305106                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14279.305106                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14279.305106                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks      4110152                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           4110152                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      4111391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4111391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      4111391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4111391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      4111391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4111391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  54596415500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  54596415500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  54596415500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  54596415500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  54596415500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  54596415500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.044872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.044872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.044872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13279.305106                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13279.305106                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13279.305106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13279.305106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13279.305106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13279.305106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 326                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2836480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        368                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7458                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7458                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              188168                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             188168                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        19964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        34864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       356388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       356388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  391252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        22744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2127                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          202                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9982                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7620                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3827                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        46744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2849936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2849936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2896680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              6243000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               639000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                19500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                19000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy               18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy               18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              199000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            17383500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             1893000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5242500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy               75500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           397014207                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            24488000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy           178596000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements               178130                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                1.397325                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               178130                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         2455531203000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     1.397325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.021833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.021833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              1603746                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             1603746                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total            178194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total           178194                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     74780240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     74780240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  20546966967                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total  20546966967                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  20621747207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  20621747207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  20621747207                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  20621747207                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total          178194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total         178194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 186020.497512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 186020.497512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115567.443794                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115567.443794                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115726.383644                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115726.383644                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115726.383644                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115726.383644                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        181593                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                35704                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     5.086069                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          177728                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               177728                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       178194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       178194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     54680240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54680240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11650728212                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11650728212                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11705408452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11705408452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11705408452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11705408452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 136020.497512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 136020.497512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65530.103784                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65530.103784                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65689.127872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65689.127872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65689.127872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65689.127872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                   1141380                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 65336.643673                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    11515793                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1141380                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     10.089359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               14292908000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      385.713940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       8632.654695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      56318.275038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.005886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.131724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.859349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         65531                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          924                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        28059                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        27112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999924                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 546748858                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                546748858                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3760131                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          3760131                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      4109663                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          4109663                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data                14                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   14                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             767356                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                767356                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst         4044137                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            4044137                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        2503348                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           2503348                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst               4044137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               3270704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  7314841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst              4044137                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              3270704                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 7314841                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data              39                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 39                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           782281                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              782281                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst         67126                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            67126                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       362044                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          362044                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst               67126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             1144325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1211451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst              67126                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            1144325                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1211451                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      1111500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1111500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  66109217500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   66109217500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   5965476500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   5965476500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  31550198000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  31550198000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    5965476500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   97659415500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     103624892000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   5965476500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  97659415500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    103624892000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3760131                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3760131                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      4109663                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      4109663                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data            53                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               53                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        1549637                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1549637                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst      4111263                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        4111263                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      2865392                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       2865392                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           4111263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           4415029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              8526292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          4111263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          4415029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             8526292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.735849                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.735849                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.504816                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.504816                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016327                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.016327                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.126351                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.126351                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.016327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.259189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.142084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.016327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.259189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.142084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        28500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        28500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84508.274520                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84508.274520                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88869.834341                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88869.834341                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87144.650926                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87144.650926                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88869.834341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85342.376947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85537.831906                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88869.834341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85342.376947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85537.831906                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               846854                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    846854                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           39                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            39                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       782281                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         782281                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        67126                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        67126                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       362044                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       362044                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          67126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        1144325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1211451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         67126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       1144325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1211451                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data        10376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        10376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        17432                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        17432                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       721500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       721500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  58286407500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  58286407500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   5294216500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5294216500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  27929758000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27929758000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   5294216500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  86216165500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  91510382000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   5294216500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  86216165500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  91510382000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1478032500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1478032500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1478032500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1478032500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.735849                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.735849                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.504816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.126351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.259189                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.142084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.259189                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.142084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74508.274520                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74508.274520                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78869.834341                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78869.834341                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77144.650926                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77144.650926                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78869.834341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75342.376947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75537.831906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78869.834341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75342.376947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75537.831906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 209471.726190                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 209471.726190                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 84788.463745                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 84788.463745                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       2706859                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1323765                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          946                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7056                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             436628                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              10376                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             10376                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1024582                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           292593                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              112                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            782208                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           782208                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        429572                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        177792                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         6327                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       356577                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       356577                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        34864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3561511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      3596375                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                3952952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2847696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2847696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        46744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     32925280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     32972024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                35819720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             6878                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                       8816                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1407116                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.005169                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.071708                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1399843     99.48%     99.48% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    7273      0.52%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1407116                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            31750000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          3731659511                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            7567976                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         2780177775                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     17049112                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8522703                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1963                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           3086                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3086                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               7056                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           6983982                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             10376                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            10376                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4606985                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      4110152                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          946882                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              53                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             53                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1549637                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1549637                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       4111391                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2865545                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         6718                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          483                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     12332806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     13278141                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              25610947                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    131542640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    130851592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              262394232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1149005                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  13554000                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          9692156                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000521                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.022823                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                9687105     99.95%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   5051      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            9692156                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        12473601500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           439889                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        4111391000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4427299500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2510339838500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.007335                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7335333000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2517675171500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                5701987                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  5701982                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              448015823                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 744300                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    16.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    93358089                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      93358089                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           75600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data          400240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             475840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        75600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         75600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       780784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          780784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             4725                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            25015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               29740                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         48799                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              48799                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst           10306281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           54563303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              64869584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      10306281                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         10306281                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       106441521                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            106441521                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       106441521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst          10306281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          54563303                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            171311105                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       29740                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      48799                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     29740                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    48799                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1902272                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    1088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  918720                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  475840                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               780784                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     17                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                 34448                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              2718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              2000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             2315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             2710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             2677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             2474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             2094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    7338094000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                 29740                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                48799                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   29723                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    727                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    849                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    917                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    828                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    779                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    912                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    839                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    816                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    740                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4719                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    597.767324                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   382.058601                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   415.452463                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          921     19.52%     19.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          651     13.80%     33.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          318      6.74%     40.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          221      4.68%     44.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          146      3.09%     47.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          244      5.17%     53.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          121      2.56%     55.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           83      1.76%     57.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2014     42.68%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4719                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          669                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      44.428999                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    232.565939                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           649     97.01%     97.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            8      1.20%     98.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            7      1.05%     99.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            2      0.30%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            1      0.15%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            1      0.15%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.15%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           669                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          669                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      21.457399                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     20.837102                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      5.833523                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17           203     30.34%     30.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19            48      7.17%     37.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           110     16.44%     53.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23           118     17.64%     71.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            89     13.30%     84.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            59      8.82%     93.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            14      2.09%     95.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30-31             6      0.90%     96.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-33             3      0.45%     97.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-37             3      0.45%     97.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38-39             1      0.15%     97.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-41             4      0.60%     98.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-45             1      0.15%     98.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46-47             3      0.45%     98.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-49             2      0.30%     99.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::50-51             1      0.15%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-53             3      0.45%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::66-67             1      0.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           669                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    407635750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               964942000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  148615000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     13714.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                32464.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       259.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       125.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     64.87                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    106.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         3.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    26685                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   12672                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 89.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      93432.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    89.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 16464840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  8747475                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                93683940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               45607140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         377388960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            440693790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             21284640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy       854733810                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       439662240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        846912780                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             3145260855                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            428.782286                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           6311936000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     32118500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     160252000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   3293920250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1144960250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     829599500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   1874482500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 17243100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  9161130                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               118538280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               29325960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         428404080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            456640680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             30718080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1054912680                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       493450080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        694753560                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             3333224730                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            454.406737                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           6246998750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     52648000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     181856000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2655330250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1285031250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     847033250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2313434250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                       329919                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                       1512                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                            24                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                    75874                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                      260776                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                       269                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                           44                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                   39371                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                       590695                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                       1781                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                            68                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                   115245                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                      427992                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                       846                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                  428838                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numPwrStateTransitions                 104                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples            52                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean     4004413.461538                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev    10007084.412967                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           52    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value     43939500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::total              52                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      7127103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED    208229500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                         14670666                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       52                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   240      5.39%      5.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       14      0.31%      5.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                  3605     81.01%     86.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                     103      2.31%     89.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      2      0.04%     89.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      2      0.04%     89.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      374      8.40%     97.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   76      1.71%     99.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                       12      0.27%     99.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                  21      0.47%     99.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrunique                   1      0.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   4450                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       7179                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               600                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 338                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                  14                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 345                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   338                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     7                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.575000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.500000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.724790                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         5999173000     81.78%     81.78% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user            970876000     13.24%     95.02% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle            365583000      4.98%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      240                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     1675     41.74%     41.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                      26      0.65%     42.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                       8      0.20%     42.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                    2304     57.41%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 4013                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      1672     49.50%     49.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                       26      0.77%     50.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                        8      0.24%     50.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     1672     49.50%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  3378                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0               6072211500     82.78%     82.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                25133000      0.34%     83.12% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 5948000      0.08%     83.20% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31              1232339500     16.80%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total           7335632000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.998209                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.725694                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.841764                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1746932                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1746932                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1681321                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   6282                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       55049                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       176443                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1681321                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          6282                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             2316261                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1222099                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3657                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                3564                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        595513                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      333695                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     261818                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               416458.999943                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               14254207.000057                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.971613                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.028387                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                            247222                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30326      1.73%      1.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1061579     60.70%     62.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     2232      0.13%     62.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     62.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1654      0.09%     62.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     62.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                      11      0.00%     62.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     62.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                     254      0.01%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   343391     19.64%     82.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  260631     14.90%     97.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2261      0.13%     97.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               2102      0.12%     97.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                  44340      2.54%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1748781                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            100781                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              495816                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            102829                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              4.821753                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         2048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          899                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            692996                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses           692996                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       282094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          282094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data       198188                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         198188                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data         5006                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         5006                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data         6140                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         6140                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data        480282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           480282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data       480282                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          480282                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        43168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         43168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        56338                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        56338                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data         1281                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1281                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        99506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          99506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        99506                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         99506                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    751661000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    751661000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2330765500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2330765500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     18504000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     18504000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   3082426500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3082426500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   3082426500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3082426500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       325262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       325262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data       254526                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       254526                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data         6287                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         6287                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data         6140                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         6140                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       579788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       579788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       579788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       579788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.132718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.132718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.221345                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.221345                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.203754                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.203754                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.171625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.171625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.171625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.171625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 17412.458302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17412.458302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 41371.108311                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41371.108311                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14444.964871                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14444.964871                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 30977.292827                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30977.292827                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 30977.292827                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30977.292827                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        83225                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             83225                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        43168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        56338                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        56338                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1281                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         1281                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        99506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        99506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        99506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data         1075                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1075                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    708493000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    708493000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2274427500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2274427500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     17223000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17223000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2982920500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2982920500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2982920500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2982920500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    136838000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    136838000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    136838000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    136838000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.132718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.132718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.221345                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221345                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.203754                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.203754                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.171625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.171625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.171625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.171625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 16412.458302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16412.458302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40371.108311                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40371.108311                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13444.964871                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13444.964871                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 29977.292827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29977.292827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 29977.292827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29977.292827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 224324.590164                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 224324.590164                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 127291.162791                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 127291.162791                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             98264                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.969988                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             1718836                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             99287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             17.311793                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1023.969988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          288                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          549                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           3595833                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          3595833                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      1650510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         1650510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       1650510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          1650510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      1650510                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         1650510                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        98271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         98271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        98271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          98271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        98271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         98271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1650243500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1650243500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1650243500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1650243500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1650243500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1650243500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      1748781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1748781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      1748781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      1748781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      1748781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      1748781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.056194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.056194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.056194                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056194                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.056194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16792.782204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16792.782204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16792.782204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16792.782204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16792.782204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16792.782204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        98264                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             98264                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        98271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        98271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        98271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        98271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        98271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        98271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1551972500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1551972500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1551972500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1551972500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1551972500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1551972500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.056194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.056194                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056194                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.056194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15792.782204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15792.782204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15792.782204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15792.782204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15792.782204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15792.782204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  87                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   724992                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         90                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  637                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 637                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               45777                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              45777                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           88                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        90678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        90678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   92828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          121                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          593                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          405                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         1743                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       725208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       725208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   726951                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy               119000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                21000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               92000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              963500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy              640000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           101065066                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1685000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            45366000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                45339                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      64                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                45403                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           64                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               408051                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              408051                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             45339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            45339                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      3254985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3254985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5474607081                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   5474607081                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5477862066                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   5477862066                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5477862066                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   5477862066                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           45339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          45339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       120555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       120555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 120820.248080                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120820.248080                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 120820.090121                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120820.090121                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 120820.090121                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120820.090121                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         54307                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 6929                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     7.837639                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           45312                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                45312                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      1904985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1904985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3208014888                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3208014888                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3209919873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3209919873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3209919873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3209919873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide        70555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        70555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 70798.351165                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70798.351165                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 70798.206246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70798.206246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 70798.206246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70798.206246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     10156                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 57786.052232                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4684558                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     75349                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     62.171469                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks             227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      17153.682010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      40405.370222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.261744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.616537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.881745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         65193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          875                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9685                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        19938                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        34689                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994766                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  12766316                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 12766316                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        83225                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            83225                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        98217                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            98217                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              33506                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 33506                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst           93544                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              93544                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          42247                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             42247                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                 93544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 75753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   169297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                93544                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                75753                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  169297                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data               6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            22826                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               22826                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          4725                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             4725                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data         2202                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            2202                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                4725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               25028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  29753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               4725                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              25028                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 29753                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       171000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       171000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1837879500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1837879500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    422333000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    422333000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    215164000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    215164000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     422333000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    2053043500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       2475376500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    422333000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   2053043500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      2475376500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        83225                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        83225                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        98217                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        98217                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data             6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          56332                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             56332                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst        98269                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          98269                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        44449                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         44449                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             98269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data            100781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               199050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            98269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data           100781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              199050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.405205                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.405205                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.048082                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.048082                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.049540                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.049540                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.048082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.248340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.149475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.048082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.248340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.149475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        28500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        28500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80516.932445                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80516.932445                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 89382.645503                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89382.645503                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 97712.988193                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97712.988193                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 89382.645503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82029.866549                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83197.543105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 89382.645503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82029.866549                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83197.543105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3487                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3487                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        22826                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          22826                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         4725                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         4725                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2202                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         2202                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           4725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          25028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             29753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          4725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         25028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            29753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data         1075                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1075                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       111000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       111000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1609619500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1609619500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    375083000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    375083000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    193144000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    193144000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    375083000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1802763500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2177846500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    375083000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1802763500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2177846500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    129213000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    129213000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    129213000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    129213000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.405205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.405205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.048082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.049540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.048082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.248340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.149475                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.048082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.248340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.149475                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70516.932445                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70516.932445                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79382.645503                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79382.645503                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 87712.988193                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87712.988193                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79382.645503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72029.866549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73197.543105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79382.645503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72029.866549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73197.543105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 211824.590164                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 211824.590164                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 120198.139535                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 120198.139535                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        130593                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        75436                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           27                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 610                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7564                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                465                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               465                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        48799                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             6696                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               19                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             22813                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            22813                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6954                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         45312                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        19922                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        90678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        90678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        69655                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        71805                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 162483                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1743                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       531632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       533375                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1258367                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                            19949                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                        432                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             76173                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.261891                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.439666                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   56224     73.81%     73.81% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   19949     26.19%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               76173                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             1835500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           179415156                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           20770111                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy           69364000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       398103                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       199052                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          361                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             49                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           49                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                610                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            143345                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               465                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              465                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        86712                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        98264                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           24225                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            56332                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           56332                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         98271                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        44476                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        19922                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       294804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       304520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                599324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3144528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2946079                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                6090607                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           30122                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     56064                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           230238                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001785                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.042213                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 229827     99.82%     99.82% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    411      0.18%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             230238                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          290566000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy            22485                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          98271000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         101626500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7335333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
