
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.537696                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2537695529500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2537695529500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 225793                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   225793                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5090755549                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 756844                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   498.49                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   112555569                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     112555569                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         544016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       16734640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst         106992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data         616160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         521792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data        3071728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst          69552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data         512880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::tsunami.ide         4048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           22181808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       544016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       106992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       521792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst        69552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1242352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     18682800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        18682800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst           34001                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data         1045915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst            6687                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data           38510                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst           32612                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data          191983                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst            4347                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data           32055                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::tsunami.ide           253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1386363                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1167675                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1167675                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            214374                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data           6594424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst             42161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data            242803                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst            205616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data           1210440                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst             27408                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data            202105                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::tsunami.ide            1595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total               8740926                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       214374                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst        42161                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst       205616                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst        27408                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           489559                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         7362113                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              7362113                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         7362113                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           214374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data          6594424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst            42161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data           242803                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst           205616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data          1210440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst            27408                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data           202105                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::tsunami.ide           1595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             16103038                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1386363                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1167675                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1386363                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1167675                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               88713152                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   14080                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                50817472                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                22181808                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             18682800                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    220                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                373621                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             84506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             87513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             86820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             86367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             81781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             86743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             91644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             90108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             86503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             84796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            85963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            86027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            85873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            85550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            86853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            89096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             50604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             51050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             51447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             51302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             48025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             49991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             51027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             53262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             46926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             48489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            44577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            47970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            46208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            49226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            50546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            53373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2537695397500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4               1386363                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4              1167675                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1381757                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    3947                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     209                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                      17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                      22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                      18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                      56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                      49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                     14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   8257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  10417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  48424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  48487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  48812                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  48571                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  48357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  48217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  48197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  48193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  48753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  48562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  48330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  48320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  48136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  48009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  48009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  47889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                    108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                    105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                     96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                     84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                     92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                     91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                     82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                     67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                     76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                     68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                     55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       394110                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    354.039146                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   200.883137                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   365.698202                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       140289     35.60%     35.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        88903     22.56%     58.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        37005      9.39%     67.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        18501      4.69%     72.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        13906      3.53%     75.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        10149      2.58%     78.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         8789      2.23%     80.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         6550      1.66%     82.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        70018     17.77%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       394110                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        47773                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      29.014464                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    443.537654                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095        47769     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::86016-90111            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         47773                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        47773                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.620748                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.535244                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      2.113960                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         39461     82.60%     82.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19          6595     13.80%     96.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           491      1.03%     97.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23           402      0.84%     98.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           364      0.76%     99.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           267      0.56%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            74      0.15%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            12      0.03%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            14      0.03%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34-35             4      0.01%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-37             8      0.02%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38-39             6      0.01%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-41             5      0.01%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            15      0.03%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-45             4      0.01%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46-47             6      0.01%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-49             6      0.01%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::50-51             4      0.01%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            12      0.03%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::54-55             8      0.02%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-57             6      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::58-59             2      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::60-61             3      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::66-67             1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::68-69             1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::76-77             1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::78-79             1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         47773                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  22088779472                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             48078960722                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 6930715000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15935.43                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34685.43                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        34.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        20.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      8.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      7.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.76                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1232590                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  553464                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 88.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                69.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     993601.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    81.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1444514820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                767774040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              4965741480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             2123015760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         20620557360.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          30502616910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           1163791680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     42995890020                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     23525594400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     557654074920                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           685770780270                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            270.233672                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2467757144751                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1929028750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    8753532000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 2312203299250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  61264643251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   59255663249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  94289363000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               1369444860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                727873410                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              4931319540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             2021784300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         20450302080.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          30450090840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           1152039840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     42343722810                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     23373412800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     558113618520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           684941735460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            269.906980                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2467895518750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1927808250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    8681266000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 2314173577500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  60868292500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   59185534750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  92859050500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    11657708                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      3106                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  246038                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5672428                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      348                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                          33                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                 108494                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    17330136                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                      3454                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                           33                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  354532                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    2557957                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                     1280                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                2559237                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions              14184                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         7092                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    323577318.104907                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   449147520.841993                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         7092    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       354000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2000000000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           7092                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   242885189500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2294810340000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                      5075391059                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    7092                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                 1069      0.83%      0.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 2076      1.60%      2.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      11      0.01%      2.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      2.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               116879     90.22%     92.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   5340      4.12%     96.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     96.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     4      0.00%     96.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     3      0.00%     96.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     96.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    3939      3.04%     99.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 151      0.12%     99.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                      57      0.04%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                129543                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    137620                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5878                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                485                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                484                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                  485                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.082341                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.152287                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      2534504469500     99.87%     99.87% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          3189249000      0.13%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    2077                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   47272     38.08%     38.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     11      0.01%     38.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   2541      2.05%     40.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    756      0.61%     40.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  73547     59.25%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              124127                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    47111     48.68%     48.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      11      0.01%     48.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    2541      2.63%     51.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     756      0.78%     52.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   46355     47.90%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                96774                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2439276339500     96.12%     96.12% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               11080500      0.00%     96.12% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1575502000      0.06%     96.18% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30             1088653000      0.04%     96.23% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            95742145500      3.77%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2537693720500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.996594                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.630277                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.779637                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   68408889                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     68408889                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             66087930                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                235108                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    2233400                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      9108940                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    66087930                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       235108                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           89749988                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          50374785                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               81337                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              82753                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     17355981                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   11672576                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5683405                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              4589620679.998191                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              485770379.001809                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.095711                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.904289                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         11764922                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              1398167      2.04%      2.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 48474172     70.86%     72.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  152203      0.22%     73.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     73.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  95598      0.14%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                   2102      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                11926074     17.43%     90.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                5633468      8.23%     98.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead              70465      0.10%     99.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite             66943      0.10%     99.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                593184      0.87%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  68412376                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          3080902                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         2017.896352                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           14201487                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          3080902                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             4.609522                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        265721500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  2017.896352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.985301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.985301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          878                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1058                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         20462746                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        20462746                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      9341542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        9341542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      4395511                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4395511                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       210881                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       210881                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       215540                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       215540                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     13737053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        13737053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     13737053                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       13737053                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      2092407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2092407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      1048232                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1048232                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data        19418                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        19418                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         9873                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         9873                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      3140639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       3140639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      3140639                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      3140639                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  50683788500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  50683788500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  66117136500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  66117136500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    225499000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    225499000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     52735500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     52735500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 116800925000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 116800925000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 116800925000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 116800925000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     11433949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11433949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5443743                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5443743                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       230299                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       230299                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       225413                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       225413                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     16877692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16877692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     16877692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16877692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.183000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.183000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.192557                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.192557                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.084316                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.084316                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.043800                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.043800                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.186082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.186082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.186082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.186082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24222.719815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24222.719815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 63074.907559                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63074.907559                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11612.884952                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11612.884952                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5341.385597                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5341.385597                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37190.178496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37190.178496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37190.178496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37190.178496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2620742                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          2620742                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      2092407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2092407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1048232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1048232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        19418                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        19418                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9873                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         9873                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      3140639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3140639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      3140639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3140639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         5222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         9926                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9926                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        15148                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15148                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  48591381500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  48591381500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  65068904500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  65068904500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    206081000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    206081000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     42862500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42862500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 113660286000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 113660286000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 113660286000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 113660286000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1189362000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1189362000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1189362000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1189362000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.183000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.183000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.192557                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.192557                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.084316                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084316                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.043800                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043800                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.186082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.186082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.186082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.186082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 23222.719815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23222.719815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62074.907559                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62074.907559                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10612.884952                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10612.884952                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  4341.385597                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4341.385597                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36190.178496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36190.178496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36190.178496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36190.178496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227759.862122                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227759.862122                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 78516.107737                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 78516.107737                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements          3007966                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.852667                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           65373013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs          3007966                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            21.733295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       9444497500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   511.852667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          293                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        139833284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       139833284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     65403847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       65403847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     65403847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        65403847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     65403847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       65403847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst      3008530                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3008530                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst      3008530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       3008530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst      3008530                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      3008530                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  42664351500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42664351500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  42664351500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  42664351500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  42664351500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  42664351500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     68412377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     68412377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     68412377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     68412377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     68412377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     68412377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.043976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.043976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.043976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.043976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.043976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.043976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14181.128824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14181.128824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14181.128824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14181.128824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14181.128824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14181.128824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks      3007966                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total          3007966                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      3008530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3008530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      3008530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3008530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      3008530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3008530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  39655821500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39655821500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  39655821500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39655821500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  39655821500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39655821500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.043976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.043976                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043976                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.043976                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043976                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13181.128824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13181.128824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13181.128824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13181.128824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13181.128824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13181.128824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     1213873                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      2253                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                           12                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  118243                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                     703727                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      192                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          15                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                  56482                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     1917600                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                      2445                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           27                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                  174725                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                    1181753                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                     1151                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                1182904                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numPwrStateTransitions               6259                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         3130                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    804884873.961661                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   327358198.257832                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         3130    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    973623000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           3130                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    18405874000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2519289655500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                      5074227350                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    3130                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                   66      0.14%      0.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  350      0.77%      0.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       8      0.02%      0.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.02%      0.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                37067     81.14%     82.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   5012     10.97%     93.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     93.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%     93.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.00%     93.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.01%     93.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    3006      6.58%     99.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 104      0.23%     99.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                      52      0.11%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 45682                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     51955                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              612                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                314                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               2707                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                381                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  314                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.622549                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.024751                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.209744                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        7157711500      0.28%      0.28% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user          1761902500      0.07%      0.35% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        2523782974500     99.65%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     351                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   11958     27.99%     27.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   2502      5.86%     33.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    147      0.34%     34.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  28115     65.81%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               42722                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    11911     45.24%     45.24% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    2502      9.50%     54.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     147      0.56%     55.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   11766     44.69%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                26326                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2432805864000     95.89%     95.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1153979500      0.05%     95.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30              175402500      0.01%     95.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31           102978415000      4.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2537113661000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.996070                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.418495                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.616216                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    5705477                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      5705477                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              5464789                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                 21974                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     212722                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       483240                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     5464789                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                        21974                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads            7460107                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           4218348                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               12199                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              12215                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1926595                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1218895                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    707700                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              5037424042.366866                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              36803307.633134                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.007253                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.992747                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           797732                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                54792      0.96%      0.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  3445129     60.36%     61.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   16864      0.30%     61.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     61.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   3321      0.06%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                    543      0.01%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1237916     21.69%     83.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 699432     12.25%     95.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead               9335      0.16%     95.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite              8775      0.15%     95.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                231842      4.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   5707949                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           102318                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1758.993340                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            1775050                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           102318                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            17.348365                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     2498268474500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  1758.993340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.858883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.858883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1723                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1720                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.841309                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2032971                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2032971                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      1133966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1133966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data       636775                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        636775                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        14384                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        14384                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        12688                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        12688                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      1770741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         1770741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      1770741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        1770741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data        65916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        65916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        50218                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        50218                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         2337                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2337                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data         1851                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1851                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       116134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        116134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       116134                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       116134                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1539910000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1539910000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2862480500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2862480500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     34754000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     34754000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     14459500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     14459500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data         5500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total         5500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4402390500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4402390500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4402390500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4402390500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1199882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1199882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data       686993                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       686993                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        16721                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16721                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        14539                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14539                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      1886875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1886875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      1886875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1886875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.054935                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.054935                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.073098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.073098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.139764                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.139764                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.127313                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.127313                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.061548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.061548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.061548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.061548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23361.702773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23361.702773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 57001.085268                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57001.085268                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14871.202396                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14871.202396                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7811.723393                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7811.723393                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 37907.852136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37907.852136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 37907.852136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37907.852136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        67150                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            67150                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        65916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        65916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        50218                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        50218                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2337                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         2337                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1851                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         1851                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       116134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       116134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       116134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       116134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         2951                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         2951                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         2978                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         2978                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1473994000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1473994000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2812262500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2812262500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     32417000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32417000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     12609500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12609500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data         4500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         4500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4286256500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4286256500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4286256500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4286256500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      6201000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6201000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      6201000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6201000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.054935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.073098                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073098                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.139764                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139764                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.127313                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.127313                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.061548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.061548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 22361.702773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22361.702773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 56001.085268                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56001.085268                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13871.202396                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13871.202396                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6812.263641                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6812.263641                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 36907.852136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36907.852136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 36907.852136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36907.852136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 229666.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 229666.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  2082.269980                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  2082.269980                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           412094                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          499.872754                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            5288698                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           412094                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            12.833718                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      97252249500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   499.872754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.976314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.976314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          448                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         11828551                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        11828551                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      5295296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        5295296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      5295296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         5295296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      5295296                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        5295296                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       412653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       412653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       412653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        412653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       412653                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       412653                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6145432500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6145432500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6145432500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6145432500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6145432500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6145432500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      5707949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5707949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      5707949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      5707949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      5707949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      5707949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.072294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.072294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.072294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.072294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.072294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.072294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14892.494420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14892.494420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14892.494420                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14892.494420                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14892.494420                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14892.494420                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks       412094                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total           412094                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       412653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       412653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       412653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       412653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       412653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       412653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5732779500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5732779500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5732779500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5732779500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5732779500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5732779500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.072294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.072294                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072294                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.072294                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072294                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13892.494420                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13892.494420                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13892.494420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13892.494420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13892.494420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13892.494420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     5033471                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                      5141                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                           14                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                  440537                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    3230018                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                      568                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                          78                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                 154144                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                     8263489                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                      5709                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                           92                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                  594681                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                    2858327                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                     2885                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           1                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                2861212                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numPwrStateTransitions              10923                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         5462                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    447273908.733065                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   450907877.233696                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         5462    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        63500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    973667500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           5462                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    94685440000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2443010089500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                      5074227718                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                    5462                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                 1416      1.45%      1.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      1.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      1.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                 3598      3.69%      5.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                      19      0.02%      5.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      5.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                80805     82.88%     88.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   5569      5.71%     93.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     93.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     3      0.00%     93.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     6      0.01%     93.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.00%     93.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    5699      5.85%     99.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 255      0.26%     99.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                     112      0.11%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 97497                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    110346                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             8547                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                785                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                785                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  785                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.091845                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.168238                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      2528385389000     99.78%     99.78% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user          5688675000      0.22%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                    3599                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                   34070     37.58%     37.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                    103      0.11%     37.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                   2502      2.76%     40.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                   1558      1.72%     42.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  52432     57.83%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               90665                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                    33307     48.11%     48.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                     103      0.15%     48.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                    2502      3.61%     51.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                    1558      2.25%     54.13% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                   31754     45.87%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                69224                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2403684313500     94.74%     94.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21               99506500      0.00%     94.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1190116500      0.05%     94.79% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30             1991995500      0.08%     94.87% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31           130147913000      5.13%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2537113845000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.977605                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.605623                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.763514                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   26077764                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     26077764                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             25304351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                292110                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     786128                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      2661896                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    25304351                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                       292110                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           35316147                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          19027802                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads              144958                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes             148305                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      8305997                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    5059064                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   3246933                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              4884900244.095555                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              189327473.904444                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.037312                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.962688                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          3729617                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               189421      0.73%      0.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 16821411     64.49%     65.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   49712      0.19%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  21666      0.08%     65.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     65.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     65.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     65.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     65.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                   1513      0.01%     65.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     65.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     65.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     65.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     65.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     65.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     65.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     65.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     65.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     65.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     65.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     65.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     65.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     65.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     65.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     65.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     65.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     65.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     65.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     65.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 5041108     19.33%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                3173146     12.17%     96.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead             136897      0.52%     97.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite            132034      0.51%     98.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                516657      1.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  26083565                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           850119                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1268.206805                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            7225012                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           850119                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.498824                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     2479548844500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data  1268.206805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.619242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.619242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1700                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1696                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          9337665                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses         9337665                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      4459430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4459430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      2608059                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2608059                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data        52171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        52171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data        51335                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        51335                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      7067489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         7067489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      7067489                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        7067489                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       517571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       517571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       554024                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       554024                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data        22936                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        22936                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data        19067                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        19067                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      1071595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       1071595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1071595                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      1071595                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9431813000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9431813000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  18421354500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  18421354500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    219439500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    219439500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     89441000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     89441000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        27500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        27500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  27853167500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  27853167500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  27853167500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  27853167500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      4977001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4977001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      3162083                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3162083                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        75107                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        75107                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data        70402                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        70402                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      8139084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8139084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      8139084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8139084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.103993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.103993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.175209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.175209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.305378                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.305378                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.270830                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.270830                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.131660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.131660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.131660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.131660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 18223.225413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18223.225413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 33250.101981                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33250.101981                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  9567.470352                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9567.470352                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  4690.879530                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4690.879530                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 25992.252203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25992.252203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 25992.252203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25992.252203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       658568                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           658568                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       517571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       517571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       554024                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       554024                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        22936                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        22936                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        19067                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        19067                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      1071595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1071595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      1071595                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1071595                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         1801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         8101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         8101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         9902                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         9902                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   8914242000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8914242000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  17867330500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17867330500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    196503500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    196503500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     70377000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70377000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        24500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        24500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  26781572500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26781572500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  26781572500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26781572500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    370685500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    370685500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    370685500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    370685500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.103993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.103993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.175209                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.175209                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.305378                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305378                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.270830                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.270830                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.131660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.131660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.131660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.131660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17223.225413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17223.225413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 32250.101981                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32250.101981                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  8567.470352                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8567.470352                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  3691.036870                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3691.036870                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24992.252203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24992.252203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24992.252203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24992.252203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 205822.043309                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 205822.043309                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 37435.417087                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 37435.417087                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements          2309694                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          499.784644                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           23767972                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs          2309694                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            10.290529                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      97813202500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   499.784644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.976142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.976142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         54477433                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        54477433                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst     23773262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       23773262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst     23773262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        23773262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst     23773262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       23773262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst      2310303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      2310303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst      2310303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total       2310303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst      2310303                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total      2310303                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  33346775500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33346775500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  33346775500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  33346775500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  33346775500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  33346775500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst     26083565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     26083565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst     26083565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     26083565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst     26083565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     26083565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.088573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.088573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.088573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.088573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.088573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.088573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14433.940267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14433.940267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14433.940267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14433.940267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14433.940267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14433.940267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks      2309694                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total          2309694                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst      2310303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2310303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst      2310303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2310303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst      2310303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2310303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  31036472500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31036472500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  31036472500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31036472500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  31036472500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31036472500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.088573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.088573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.088573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13433.940267                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13433.940267                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13433.940267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13433.940267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13433.940267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13433.940267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                     2507993                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                      2086                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                           72                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                   13114                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                    1658056                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                      220                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                          50                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                   5807                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                     4166049                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                      2306                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                          122                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                   18921                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                    1185442                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                      811                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                1186253                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numPwrStateTransitions               7349                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         3675                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    678732848.979592                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   392660024.998288                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         3675    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    973631000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           3675                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    43352309500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2494343220000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                      5074225953                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                    3675                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                  619      0.69%      0.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1609      1.80%      2.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                      26      0.03%      2.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      2.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                77598     87.00%     89.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   5035      5.65%     95.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     95.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.00%     95.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                    4226      4.74%     99.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  51      0.06%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                      12      0.01%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 89191                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                     95645                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5223                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                400                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                400                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                  400                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.076584                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.142273                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      2534080144000     99.99%     99.99% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user           293793500      0.01%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                    1610                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                   29148     34.28%     34.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                   2502      2.94%     37.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                    791      0.93%     38.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                  52597     61.85%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               85038                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                    28534     47.77%     47.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                    2502      4.19%     51.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                     791      1.32%     53.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                   27902     46.71%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                59729                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2416640307000     95.25%     95.25% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1196698000      0.05%     95.30% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30              941420000      0.04%     95.34% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31           118334537500      4.66%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2537112962500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.978935                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.530487                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.702380                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   12363439                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     12363439                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             11901616                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                 88548                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     505532                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1105061                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    11901616                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                        88548                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           16366512                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           8978401                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               42785                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              44038                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      4186741                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    2519754                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1666987                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              4987541237.899192                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              86684715.100808                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.017083                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.982917                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1807558                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                64828      0.52%      0.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  7562831     61.16%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   27765      0.22%     61.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     61.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   4669      0.04%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                     39      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 2576278     20.83%     82.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1628392     13.17%     95.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead              42566      0.34%     96.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite             41274      0.33%     96.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                417225      3.37%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  12365867                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements           365548                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1929.600584                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            3752255                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           365548                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.264740                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     2508391354500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data  1929.600584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.942188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.942188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1608                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1605                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.785156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4592929                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4592929                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data      2237237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2237237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data      1376200                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1376200                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data        42020                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        42020                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data        42629                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        42629                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data      3613437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total         3613437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data      3613437                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total        3613437                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data       222974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       222974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data       225491                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       225491                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data        15335                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        15335                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data        14065                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        14065                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data       448465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        448465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data       448465                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       448465                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2768917500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2768917500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4350054500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4350054500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    119760500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    119760500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     73403500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     73403500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        11000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        11000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   7118972000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7118972000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   7118972000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7118972000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data      2460211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2460211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data      1601691                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1601691                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data        57355                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        57355                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data        56694                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        56694                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data      4061902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4061902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data      4061902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4061902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.090632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.090632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.140783                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.140783                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.267370                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.267370                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.248086                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.248086                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.110408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.110408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.110408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.110408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 12418.118256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12418.118256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 19291.477265                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19291.477265                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  7809.618520                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7809.618520                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  5218.876644                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5218.876644                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15874.086049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15874.086049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15874.086049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15874.086049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       288531                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           288531                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       222974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       222974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       225491                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       225491                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        15335                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        15335                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        14065                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        14065                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       448465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       448465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       448465                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       448465                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data         4103                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         4103                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data         4133                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         4133                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2545943500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2545943500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4124563500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4124563500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    104425500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104425500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     59340500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59340500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data         9000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   6670507000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6670507000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   6670507000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6670507000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      5791000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      5791000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      5791000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      5791000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.090632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.140783                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.140783                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.267370                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.267370                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.248086                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248086                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.110408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.110408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.110408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.110408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 11418.118256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11418.118256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 18291.477265                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18291.477265                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  6809.618520                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6809.618520                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  4219.018841                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4219.018841                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 14874.086049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14874.086049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 14874.086049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14874.086049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 193033.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 193033.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data  1401.161384                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  1401.161384                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements          1495096                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          499.690756                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           10865223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1495096                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs             7.267241                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      97918649500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   499.690756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.975959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.975959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         26227344                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        26227344                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst     10870257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       10870257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst     10870257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        10870257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst     10870257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       10870257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst      1495610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1495610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst      1495610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total       1495610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst      1495610                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total      1495610                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  20475865500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20475865500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  20475865500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  20475865500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  20475865500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  20475865500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst     12365867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12365867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst     12365867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     12365867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst     12365867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     12365867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.120947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.120947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.120947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.120947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.120947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.120947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13690.644954                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13690.644954                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13690.644954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13690.644954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13690.644954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13690.644954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1495096                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total          1495096                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst      1495610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1495610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst      1495610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1495610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst      1495610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1495610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  18980255500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18980255500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  18980255500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18980255500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  18980255500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18980255500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.120947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.120947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.120947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 12690.644954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12690.644954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 12690.644954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12690.644954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 12690.644954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12690.644954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 326                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2836480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        368                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7484                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7484                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              202873                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             202873                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        33426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        19978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         3654                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        64322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       356392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       356392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  420714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio       133704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2063                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          169                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9989                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio        14596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3827                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       164590                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2849952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2849952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  3014542                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             36394500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               628000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                20000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                20000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy               19000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy               19500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              171000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            17391500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             3620500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5237500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy               75500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           397032669                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            39241000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy           178600000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements               178132                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                1.578690                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               178132                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         2475098250000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     1.578690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.024667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.024667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              1603764                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             1603764                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide       178196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total            178196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide       178196                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total           178196                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     69690740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     69690740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  20548062929                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total  20548062929                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  20617753669                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  20617753669                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  20617753669                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  20617753669                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide       178196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total          178196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide       178196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total         178196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 172501.831683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172501.831683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115573.608087                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115573.608087                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115702.673848                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115702.673848                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115702.673848                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115702.673848                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        181104                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                35679                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     5.075927                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          177728                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               177728                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide       178196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       178196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide       178196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       178196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     49490740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49490740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11651841242                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11651841242                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11701331982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11701331982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11701331982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11701331982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 122501.831683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122501.831683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65536.364077                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65536.364077                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65665.514276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65665.514276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65665.514276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65665.514276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                   1329288                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 65337.764122                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    12036131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1329288                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      9.054570                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               14223405000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1596.612192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      7506.390614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     31445.870559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst        85.492565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data       893.479375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst       277.295207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     19956.429642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst       947.430260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data      2628.763710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.024362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.114538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.479826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.001305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.013633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.004231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.304511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.014457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.040112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         65536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          921                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9339                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        38346                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        16920                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                1314091148                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses               1314091148                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3634990                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          3634990                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      4754294                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          4754294                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             8800                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             1156                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data             8308                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data             6847                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                25111                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data           1314                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            695                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data           1307                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data           1693                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               5009                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            273787                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data             14332                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            344593                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data             68845                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                701557                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst        2974441                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst         405900                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst        2277575                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst        1491189                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            7149105                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       1732029                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data         46818                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data        404741                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data        137795                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           2321383                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              2974441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data              2005816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst               405900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data                61150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              2277575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data               749334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst              1491189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data               206640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 10172045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             2974441                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data             2005816                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst              405900                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data               61150                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             2277575                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data              749334                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst             1491189                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data              206640                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                10172045                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data             64                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data             12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data              7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 94                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total                2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          718888                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           28735                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          150542                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data           28326                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              926491                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst        34024                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst         6747                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst        32661                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst         4407                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            77839                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       327035                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data         9781                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data        42048                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data         3745                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          382609                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              34024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data            1045923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               6747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data              38516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              32661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data             192590                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst               4407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data              32071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1386939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             34024                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data           1045923                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              6747                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data             38516                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             32661                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data            192590                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst              4407                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data             32071                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1386939                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       176000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       147500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       146500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       116000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       586000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        28500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        28500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        57000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  60439792500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2561765500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  13237472000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2801337000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   79040367000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2997420500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    589296500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2862591500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    382465500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   6831774000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  27269350000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    880201500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3826478500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    653967500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  32629997500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2997420500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  87709142500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    589296500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3441967000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2862591500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  17063950500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    382465500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   3455304500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     118502138500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2997420500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  87709142500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    589296500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3441967000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2862591500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  17063950500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    382465500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   3455304500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    118502138500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3634990                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3634990                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      4754294                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      4754294                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         8811                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1220                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data         8320                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data         6854                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            25205                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1315                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          696                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data         1307                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data         1693                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           5011                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        992675                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data         43067                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        495135                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data         97171                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1628048                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      3008465                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       412647                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      2310236                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst      1495596                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        7226944                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2059064                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        56599                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       446789                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data       141540                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       2703992                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          3008465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          3051739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst           412647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data            99666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          2310236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data           941924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst          1495596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data           238711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             11558984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         3008465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         3051739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst          412647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data           99666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         2310236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data          941924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst         1495596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data          238711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            11558984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001248                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.052459                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.001442                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.001021                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.003729                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000760                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.001437                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.000399                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.724193                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.667216                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.304042                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.291507                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.569081                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011309                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016351                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014138                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002947                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.010771                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.158827                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.172812                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.094112                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.026459                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.141498                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.011309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.342730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.016351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.386451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.014138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.204464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.002947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.134351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.119988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.011309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.342730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.016351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.386451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.014138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.204464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.002947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.134351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.119988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        16000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  2304.687500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12208.333333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16571.428571                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6234.042553                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        28500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        28500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        28500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84074.003878                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 89151.400731                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 87932.085398                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 98896.314340                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85311.532438                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 88097.240183                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 87342.003854                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 87645.555862                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 86785.908781                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87768.008325                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83383.582797                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 89990.951845                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 91002.627949                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 174624.165554                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85282.880173                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 88097.240183                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83858.125789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 87342.003854                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 89364.601724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 87645.555862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 88602.474168                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 86785.908781                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 107739.219232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85441.492740                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 88097.240183                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83858.125789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 87342.003854                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 89364.601724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 87645.555862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 88602.474168                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 86785.908781                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 107739.219232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85441.492740                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               989947                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    989947                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           23                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           60                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           49                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           60                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total           192                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              60                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              49                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data              14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst              60                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data               2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             60                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             49                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             60                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data              2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                209                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         1622                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          1622                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           64                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            94                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       718888                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        28735                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       150542                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        28326                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         926491                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        34001                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6687                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        32612                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         4347                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        77647                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       327035                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         9780                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        42034                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         3743                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       382592                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         34001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       1045923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          6687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         38515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         32612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        192576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          4347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         32069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1386730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        34001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1045923                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        38515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        32612                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       192576                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         4347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        32069                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1386730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         5222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         9926                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         2951                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         8101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data         4103                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        25081                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        15148                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         2978                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         9902                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data         4133                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        32161                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       216500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1250000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       230000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       136500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1833000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        18500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        18500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        37000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  53250912500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2274415500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  11732052000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2518077000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  69775457000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2655708000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    516988500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2532778500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    333946500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6039421500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  23999000000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    782315500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3405232000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    616382000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28802929500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2655708000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  77249912500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    516988500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3056731000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2532778500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  15137284000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    333946500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   3134459000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 104617808000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2655708000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  77249912500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    516988500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3056731000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2532778500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  15137284000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    333946500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   3134459000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 104617808000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1124081500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      5862500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    348170000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      5416000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1483530000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1124081500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      5862500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    348170000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      5416000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1483530000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001248                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.052459                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.001442                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.001021                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003729                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000760                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.001437                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000399                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.724193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.667216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.304042                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.291507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.569081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.158827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.172795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.094080                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.026445                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.141492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.342730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.386441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.204450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002907                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.134342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.119970                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.342730                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.386441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.204450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002907                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.134342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.119970                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19681.818182                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19531.250000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19166.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        18500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        18500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74074.003878                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 79151.400731                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 77932.085398                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 88896.314340                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75311.532438                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78106.761566                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 77312.471961                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 77664.004048                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 76822.291235                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77780.487334                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73383.582797                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 79991.359918                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 81011.371747                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 164675.928400                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75283.669026                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78106.761566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73858.125789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 77312.471961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 79364.689082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 77664.004048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 78604.208209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 76822.291235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 97741.089526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75442.088943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78106.761566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73858.125789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 77312.471961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 79364.689082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 77664.004048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 78604.208209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 76822.291235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 97741.089526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75442.088943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 215258.808885                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 217129.629630                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 193320.377568                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 180533.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 209538.135593                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 74206.594930                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  1968.603089                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 35161.583518                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data  1310.428260                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 46128.229844                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       3199721                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1641692                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1074                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7080                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             467723                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              25081                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             25081                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1167675                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           324206                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            97744                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          39841                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            931820                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           926273                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        460643                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        177792                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         6147                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       356581                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       356581                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        64322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      4229503                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      4293825                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                4650406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2847696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2847696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       164590                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     38016912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     38181502                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                41029198                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                           149518                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                       8848                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1740001                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.004150                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.064287                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1732780     99.59%     99.59% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    7221      0.41%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1740001                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            63597000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          4228738494                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            7325936                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         3196057999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     23732545                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     10267292                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      4588062                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          19080                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        18218                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          862                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               7080                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          10193139                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             25081                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            25081                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4624937                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      7224850                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1103235                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          122637                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         44850                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         167487                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1755328                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1755328                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       7227096                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2959049                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         6664                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          240                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      9024961                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      9342996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1237394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       330178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      6930233                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2935207                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4486302                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1099105                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              35386376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     96262896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     90815321                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     13195856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2692540                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     73918880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     25661957                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     47851072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      8468356                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              358866878                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1856027                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  21957696                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         13477079                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.426123                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.858378                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               10232783     75.93%     75.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                1564188     11.61%     87.53% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 861709      6.39%     93.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 818330      6.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                     61      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      6      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           13477079                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        17324816993                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           225427                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        3015387652                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3162070467                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy         413952357                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy         119334983                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy        2323480433                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy        1092542730                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy        1503441640                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy         450964047                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537695529500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.008749                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8749192000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2546444721500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               29467027                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 29466920                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2253103228                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 757868                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     3.88                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   114424833                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     114424833                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          52416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         407296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst          21296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data          54672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst          57056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data         112592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst          15632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data         111008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             831968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        52416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        21296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst        57056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst        15632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        146400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1214112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1214112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst            3276                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           25456                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst            1331                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data            3417                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst            3566                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data            7037                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst             977                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data            6938                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               51998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         75882                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              75882                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           5990953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          46552413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst           2434053                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data           6248806                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst           6521288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data          12868845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst           1786679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data          12687800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              95090838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      5990953                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst      2434053                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst      6521288                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst      1786679                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         16732974                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       138768471                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            138768471                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       138768471                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          5990953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         46552413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst          2434053                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data          6248806                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst          6521288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data         12868845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst          1786679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data         12687800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            233859310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       51998                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      75882                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     51998                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    75882                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                3327488                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 2435008                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  831968                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1214112                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      6                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                 37843                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              3036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              3049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              2449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              3100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              3090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              2502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              3092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              5377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              3766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             4960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             2306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             4880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             3186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             2544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             3184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              2905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              2819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              2442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              2244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              3519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             2759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             3063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             2125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             2456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             3197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    8747568000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                 51998                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                75882                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   51725                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     267                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    842                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   2398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   2299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   2421                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   2314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   2266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   2215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   2216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   2229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   2361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   2318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   2260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   2260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   2234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   2194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   2197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   2166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        16184                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    356.061295                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   214.928080                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   350.260305                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4758     29.40%     29.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4085     25.24%     54.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1984     12.26%     66.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1095      6.77%     73.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          635      3.92%     77.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          425      2.63%     80.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          311      1.92%     82.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          198      1.22%     83.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2693     16.64%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        16184                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2129                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      24.431188                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     36.341841                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           2026     95.16%     95.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           91      4.27%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            5      0.23%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            4      0.19%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      0.05%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          2129                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2129                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.870831                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.537063                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      4.185517                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17          1521     71.44%     71.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           178      8.36%     79.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           131      6.15%     85.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            94      4.42%     90.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            92      4.32%     94.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            72      3.38%     98.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            17      0.80%     98.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30-31             3      0.14%     99.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-33             3      0.14%     99.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-37             2      0.09%     99.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38-39             1      0.05%     99.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-41             1      0.05%     99.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::42-43             5      0.23%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::50-51             2      0.09%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-53             4      0.19%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::54-55             1      0.05%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-57             1      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-65             1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          2129                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    766897250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              1741747250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  259960000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     14750.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                33500.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       380.32                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       278.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     95.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    138.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    2.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    45574                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   28281                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 87.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                74.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      68404.50                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    82.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 50344140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 26758545                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               155573460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               89611740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         660738000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1217048040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             30402720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1408403880                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       695676480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        319413900                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             4654273725                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            531.966120                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           5998700500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     43996250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     280148000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1100110500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1811623250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2424641250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3088672750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 65209620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 34659735                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               215649420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              108993600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         636767040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1157718450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             25874400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1570899480                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       526342560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        367705260                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             4710222735                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            538.360883                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           6137482750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     31375750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     269912000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1326427500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1370685500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2305880750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3444910500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                      145337                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                       497                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                   52425                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                     131118                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      125                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                          15                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                  25975                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                      276455                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                       622                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                           15                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                   78400                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                     255139                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                      268                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                 255407                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                 22                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           11                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    392568181.818182                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   319635895.169431                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           11    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value      8184000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    969959000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             11                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     4430942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   4318250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        17498384                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      11                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   67      4.52%      4.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.20%      4.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1222     82.40%     87.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     23      1.55%     88.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.07%     89.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.07%     89.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     134      9.04%     98.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  24      1.62%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       4      0.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  1483                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      2403                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              201                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                117                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                117                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                  117                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.582090                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.735849                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        7911309500     90.41%     90.41% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user           838732500      9.59%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      67                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     619     45.15%     45.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                      4      0.29%     45.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                      9      0.66%     46.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      2      0.15%     46.24% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    737     53.76%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                1371                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      617     49.48%     49.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                       4      0.32%     49.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                       9      0.72%     50.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       2      0.16%     50.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     615     49.32%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 1247                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0              8338170000     95.29%     95.29% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                3965000      0.05%     95.34% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                6531000      0.07%     95.41% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2817000      0.03%     95.45% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              398559000      4.55%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total          8750042000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.996769                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.834464                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.909555                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     755021                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       755021                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               726894                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3960                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      22988                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        76450                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      726894                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         3960                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            1017270                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            509090                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                2545                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               2507                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       277914                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     146440                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    131474                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              8636499.999013                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              8861884.000987                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.506440                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.493560                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           105120                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                14083      1.86%      1.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                   441138     58.38%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     732      0.10%     60.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   1217      0.16%     60.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     60.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                    230      0.03%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  150030     19.85%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 130681     17.29%     97.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead               1353      0.18%     97.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite              1160      0.15%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                 15034      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                    755658                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            56331                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1817.856861                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             221746                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            58379                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             3.798386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  1817.856861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.887625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.887625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          950                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          989                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           333909                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          333909                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       121599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         121599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        93440                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         93440                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data         1751                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1751                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data         2066                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2066                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       215039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          215039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       215039                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         215039                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        21624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        35447                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        35447                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data          537                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          537                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        57071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         57071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        57071                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        57071                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    807001500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    807001500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1783105000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1783105000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      7857500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      7857500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       472500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       472500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2590106500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2590106500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2590106500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2590106500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       143223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       143223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       128887                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       128887                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2288                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2288                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       272110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       272110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       272110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       272110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.150981                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.150981                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.275024                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.275024                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.234703                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.234703                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035481                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.035481                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.209735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.209735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.209735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.209735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37319.714206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37319.714206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50303.410726                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50303.410726                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14632.216015                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14632.216015                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  6217.105263                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6217.105263                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45383.934047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45383.934047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45383.934047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45383.934047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        43632                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            43632                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        21624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        35447                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        35447                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          537                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          537                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        57071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        57071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        57071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        57071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data          603                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          603                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    785377500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    785377500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1747658000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1747658000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      7320500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7320500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       396500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       396500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2533035500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2533035500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2533035500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2533035500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    103676500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    103676500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    103676500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    103676500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.150981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.150981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.275024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.275024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.234703                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234703                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035481                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035481                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.209735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.209735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.209735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.209735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36319.714206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36319.714206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49303.410726                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49303.410726                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13632.216015                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13632.216015                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5217.105263                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5217.105263                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44383.934047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44383.934047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44383.934047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44383.934047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 239991.898148                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 239991.898148                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 171934.494196                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 171934.494196                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            38155                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.998501                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             748335                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            38666                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            19.353825                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   511.998501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          295                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1549473                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         1549473                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       717501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         717501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       717501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          717501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       717501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         717501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst        38157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        38157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst        38157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         38157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst        38157                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        38157                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    750571000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    750571000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    750571000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    750571000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    750571000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    750571000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       755658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       755658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       755658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       755658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       755658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       755658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.050495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.050495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.050495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.050495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.050495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.050495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 19670.597793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19670.597793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 19670.597793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19670.597793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 19670.597793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19670.597793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks        38155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total            38155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        38157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        38157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        38157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    712414000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    712414000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    712414000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    712414000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    712414000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    712414000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.050495                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050495                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.050495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.050495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 18670.597793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18670.597793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 18670.597793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18670.597793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 18670.597793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18670.597793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                       29366                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                       325                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                           12                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                    1841                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                      18497                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                       34                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           8                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                    895                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                       47863                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                       359                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           20                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                    2736                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                      25384                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      124                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                  25508                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numPwrStateTransitions                 30                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           16                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    499170031.250000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   382426950.966738                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           16    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    972984500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             16                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      762471500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   7986720500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                        17575821                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      15                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   56     12.33%     12.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.10%     13.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  283     62.33%     75.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                     21      4.63%     80.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      78     17.18%     97.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      1.98%     99.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.44%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   454                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       969                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              120                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 66                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 14                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   66                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.558333                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.071429                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.670000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         684567000     10.94%     10.94% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            33603000      0.54%     11.48% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          5539678000     88.52%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      56                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     145     38.87%     38.87% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                      9      2.41%     41.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      0.80%     42.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    216     57.91%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 373                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      145     48.49%     48.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                       9      3.01%     51.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.00%     52.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     142     47.49%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  299                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0              8637247000     98.29%     98.29% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                4537500      0.05%     98.34% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                4336500      0.05%     98.39% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              141789500      1.61%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total          8787910500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.657407                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.801609                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.committedInsts                     161860                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                       161860                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses               155806                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                   238                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                       3648                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts        18238                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                      155806                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                          238                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads             207557                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes            117602                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                 120                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                121                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                        48954                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                      30235                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                     18719                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              16044129.547798                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              1531691.452202                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.087148                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.912852                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                            23266                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                 2902      1.79%      1.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                   101926     62.82%     64.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     179      0.11%     64.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                     31      0.02%     64.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     64.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      3      0.00%     64.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     64.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                   31280     19.28%     84.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                  18642     11.49%     95.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                104      0.06%     95.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite               100      0.06%     95.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                  7072      4.36%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                    162239                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             7799                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1854.187815                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              66602                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             9627                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.918251                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  1854.187815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.905365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.905365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1828                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1825                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.892578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            56634                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           56634                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data        24759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          24759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data        14591                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         14591                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data          407                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          407                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data          478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data        39350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           39350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data        39350                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          39350                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data         4628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data         3477                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3477                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data         8105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          8105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data         8105                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         8105                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     75484000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75484000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    269101000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    269101000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1721500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1721500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       173000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       173000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    344585000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    344585000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    344585000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    344585000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data        29387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data        18068                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        18068                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data          507                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          507                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data          506                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          506                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data        47455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        47455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data        47455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        47455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.157485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.157485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.192440                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.192440                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.197239                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.197239                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.055336                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.055336                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.170793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.170793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.170793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.170793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16310.285220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16310.285220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 77394.593040                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77394.593040                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        17215                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        17215                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6178.571429                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6178.571429                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 42515.114127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42515.114127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 42515.114127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42515.114127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5792                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             5792                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3477                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3477                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           28                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         8105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         8105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data           29                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     70856000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70856000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    265624000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    265624000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1621500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1621500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       145000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       145000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    336480000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    336480000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    336480000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    336480000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       676000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       676000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.157485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.157485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.192440                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.192440                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.197239                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.197239                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.055336                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055336                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.170793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.170793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15310.285220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15310.285220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 76394.593040                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76394.593040                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        16215                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        16215                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5178.571429                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5178.571429                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 41515.114127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41515.114127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 41515.114127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41515.114127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       169000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       169000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 23310.344828                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 23310.344828                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             8900                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             159937                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             9412                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            16.992881                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          458                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           333378                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          333378                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst       153339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         153339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst       153339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          153339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst       153339                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         153339                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst         8900                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         8900                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst         8900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          8900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         8900                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         8900                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    216634000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    216634000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    216634000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    216634000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    216634000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    216634000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       162239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       162239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst       162239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       162239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst       162239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       162239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.054857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.054857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.054857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.054857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.054857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.054857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 24340.898876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24340.898876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 24340.898876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24340.898876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 24340.898876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24340.898876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         8900                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             8900                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         8900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         8900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         8900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    207734000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    207734000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    207734000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    207734000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    207734000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    207734000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.054857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.054857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.054857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 23340.898876                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23340.898876                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 23340.898876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23340.898876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 23340.898876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23340.898876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                      118848                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                       364                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                   19544                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                      80222                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                       71                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                          12                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                  10985                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                      199070                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                       435                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                           12                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                   30529                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                     122008                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                      335                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                 122343                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numPwrStateTransitions                 80                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           41                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    147932951.219512                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   267780593.803416                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           41    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    972648000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             41                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     2683941000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   6065251000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                        17576851                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      40                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    5      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   62      3.30%      3.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.16%      3.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1572     83.71%     87.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                     62      3.30%     90.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.05%     90.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     111      5.91%     96.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  34      1.81%     98.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       6      0.32%     98.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                 21      1.12%     99.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.05%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                  1878                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      2686                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              173                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 85                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 85                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   85                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.491329                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.658915                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        8223441000     95.07%     95.07% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user           426391000      4.93%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      62                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     601     35.17%     35.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                     15      0.88%     36.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                      9      0.53%     36.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      0.18%     36.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   1081     63.25%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                1709                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      601     48.94%     48.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                      15      1.22%     50.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                       9      0.73%     50.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      0.24%     51.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     600     48.86%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 1228                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0              8010711000     91.15%     91.15% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21               14512000      0.17%     91.32% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                5532000      0.06%     91.38% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                4090000      0.05%     91.43% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              753580500      8.57%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total          8788425500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.555042                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.718549                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     594021                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                       594021                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses               571372                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1905                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      19827                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts        58687                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                      571372                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                         1905                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads             783662                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            424552                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                 936                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                881                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       200269                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     119761                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                     80508                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              12184898.115162                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              5391952.884838                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.306764                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.693236                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                            84800                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                 9390      1.58%      1.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                   364189     61.26%     62.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                     970      0.16%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                    307      0.05%     63.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     63.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     11      0.00%     63.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     63.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     63.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                     18      0.00%     63.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     63.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     63.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     63.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     63.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     63.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     63.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     63.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     63.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     63.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     63.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     63.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     63.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     63.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     63.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     63.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     63.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  123193     20.72%     83.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                  80186     13.49%     97.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                764      0.13%     97.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite               805      0.14%     97.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                 14635      2.46%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                    594468                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            28634                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1649.906072                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             174952                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            29821                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs             5.866738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data  1649.906072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.805618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.805618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.579590                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           229435                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          229435                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data       102050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         102050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data        62722                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         62722                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data         1800                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1800                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data         2115                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2115                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data       164772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          164772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data       164772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         164772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data        14930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data        15144                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        15144                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data          495                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          495                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data          167                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          167                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data        30074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         30074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data        30074                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        30074                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    287026500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    287026500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    589494000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    589494000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      7457000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      7457000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       759500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       759500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data    876520500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    876520500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data    876520500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    876520500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data       116980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data        77866                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77866                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data         2295                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2295                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data         2282                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2282                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data       194846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       194846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data       194846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       194846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.127629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.127629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.194488                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.194488                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.215686                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.215686                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.073181                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.073181                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.154348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.154348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.154348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.154348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19224.815807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19224.815807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 38925.911252                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38925.911252                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15064.646465                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15064.646465                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  4547.904192                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4547.904192                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 29145.457871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29145.457871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 29145.457871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29145.457871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        22441                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            22441                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        14930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        15144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        15144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          495                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          495                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          167                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          167                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        30074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        30074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        30074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data          288                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          288                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    272096500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    272096500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    574350000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    574350000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      6962000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6962000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       592500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       592500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    846446500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    846446500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    846446500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    846446500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     22293000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     22293000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     22293000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     22293000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.127629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.127629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.194488                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.194488                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.215686                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.215686                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.073181                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073181                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.154348                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.154348                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.154348                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.154348                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 18224.815807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18224.815807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 37925.911252                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37925.911252                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14064.646465                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14064.646465                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  3547.904192                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3547.904192                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 28145.457871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28145.457871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 28145.457871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28145.457871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 182729.508197                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 182729.508197                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 77406.250000                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 77406.250000                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            58291                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.997660                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs             541464                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            58803                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs             9.208102                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   511.997660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.999995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          435                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1247230                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses         1247230                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst       536174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         536174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst       536174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          536174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst       536174                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         536174                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst        58294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        58294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst        58294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         58294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst        58294                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        58294                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1039466500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1039466500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1039466500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1039466500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1039466500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1039466500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       594468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       594468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst       594468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       594468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst       594468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       594468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.098061                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.098061                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.098061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.098061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.098061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.098061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 17831.449206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17831.449206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 17831.449206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17831.449206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 17831.449206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17831.449206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks        58291                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total            58291                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        58294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        58294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        58294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    981172500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    981172500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    981172500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    981172500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    981172500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    981172500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.098061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.098061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.098061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 16831.449206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16831.449206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 16831.449206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16831.449206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 16831.449206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16831.449206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                       71160                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                       343                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                           12                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                    2056                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                      45022                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                       38                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           9                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                   1460                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                      116182                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                       381                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                           21                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                    3516                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                      31558                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                      130                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                  31688                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numPwrStateTransitions                 74                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           38                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    187075394.736842                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   332708552.864218                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           38    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    972685000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             38                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     1640327000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   7108865000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                        17577433                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      37                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.40%      0.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   69      6.82%      7.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.49%      7.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  788     77.87%     85.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                     49      4.84%     90.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.10%     90.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                      85      8.40%     98.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      0.89%     99.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.20%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                  1012                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1559                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              154                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 69                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 69                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   69                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.448052                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.618834                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        8611506500     99.60%     99.60% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            34620500      0.40%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      69                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     367     41.33%     41.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                      9      1.01%     42.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      7      0.79%     43.13% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    505     56.87%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 888                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      366     49.26%     49.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                       9      1.21%     50.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       7      0.94%     51.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     361     48.59%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  743                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0              8460975500     96.27%     96.27% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                5264500      0.06%     96.33% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                8963000      0.10%     96.43% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31              313513500      3.57%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total          8788716500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.997275                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.714851                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.836712                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     358362                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                       358362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses               346381                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                   910                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      10564                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts        43804                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                      346381                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                          910                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads             464137                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes            253046                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                 419                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                429                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                       117425                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                      72130                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                     45295                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              14281958.636505                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              3295474.363495                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.187483                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.812517                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                            57757                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                 4463      1.24%      1.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                   223647     62.34%     63.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                     634      0.18%     63.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     63.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                    115      0.03%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      3      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     63.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                   74559     20.78%     84.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                  44975     12.54%     97.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                403      0.11%     97.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite               389      0.11%     97.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                  9576      2.67%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                    358764                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements            15580                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1829.280293                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             105894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            17508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.048321                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data  1829.280293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.893203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1928                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1925                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.941406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           133686                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          133686                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data        61847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          61847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data        35350                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         35350                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data         1018                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1018                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data         1248                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1248                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data        97197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           97197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data        97197                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          97197                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data         8558                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8558                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data         8359                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         8359                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data          320                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          320                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data           83                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           83                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data        16917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         16917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data        16917                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        16917                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    166249000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    166249000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    546136000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    546136000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      4619000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      4619000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       362500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       362500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data    712385000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    712385000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data    712385000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    712385000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data        70405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data        43709                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        43709                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data         1338                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1338                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data         1331                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1331                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data       114114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       114114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data       114114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       114114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.121554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.121554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.191242                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.191242                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.239163                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.239163                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.062359                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.062359                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.148246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.148246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.148246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.148246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 19426.150970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19426.150970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 65335.087929                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65335.087929                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 14434.375000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14434.375000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  4367.469880                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4367.469880                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 42110.598806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42110.598806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 42110.598806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42110.598806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        11456                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total            11456                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         8558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         8359                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8359                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          320                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          320                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           83                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        16917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        16917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        16917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data          123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data          155                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          155                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    157691000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    157691000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    537777000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    537777000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      4299000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4299000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       279500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       279500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    695468000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    695468000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    695468000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    695468000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      5420000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      5420000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      5420000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      5420000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.121554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.191242                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.191242                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.239163                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.239163                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.062359                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062359                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.148246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.148246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 18426.150970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18426.150970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 64335.087929                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64335.087929                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 13434.375000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13434.375000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  3367.469880                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3367.469880                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 41110.598806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41110.598806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 41110.598806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41110.598806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       169375                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       169375                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 34967.741935                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 34967.741935                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements            29591                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             334207                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs            30103                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            11.102116                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          453                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           747119                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          747119                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst       329173                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         329173                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst       329173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          329173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst       329173                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         329173                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst        29591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        29591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst        29591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total         29591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst        29591                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total        29591                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    466562500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    466562500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    466562500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    466562500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    466562500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    466562500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst       358764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       358764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst       358764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       358764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst       358764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       358764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.082480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.082480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.082480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.082480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.082480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.082480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 15767.040654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15767.040654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 15767.040654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15767.040654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 15767.040654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15767.040654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks        29591                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total            29591                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst        29591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst        29591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        29591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst        29591                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29591                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    436971500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    436971500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    436971500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    436971500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    436971500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    436971500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.082480                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082480                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.082480                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082480                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.082480                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082480                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14767.040654                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14767.040654                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14767.040654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14767.040654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14767.040654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14767.040654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  87                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   724992                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         90                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  621                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 621                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               45797                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              45797                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        90686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        90686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   92836                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          572                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          405                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         2037                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       725240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       725240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   727277                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy               235500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                25000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               31500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              918000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy              639000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           101103149                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1665000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            45374000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                45343                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      64                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                45407                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           64                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               408087                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              408087                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        45343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             45343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        45343                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            45343                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      3822485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3822485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5271239664                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   5271239664                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5275062149                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   5275062149                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5275062149                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   5275062149                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        45343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           45343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        45343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          45343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 123305.967742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123305.967742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 116332.090042                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116332.090042                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 116336.857927                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116336.857927                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 116336.857927                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116336.857927                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         47661                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 8819                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     5.404354                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           45312                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                45312                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        45343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        45343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      2272485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2272485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3003698156                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3003698156                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3005970641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3005970641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3005970641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3005970641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 73305.967742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73305.967742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 66289.242496                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66289.242496                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 66294.039675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66294.039675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 66294.039675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66294.039675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     49171                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 65309.176704                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     7466132                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    114705                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     65.089857                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2316.702783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      3986.528223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     25917.259952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      1802.200654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data      6291.111075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst      7197.186979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     10281.792522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst      1884.040369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data      5632.354146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.035350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.060830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.395466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.027499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.095995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.109820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.156888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.028748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.085943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         65534                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          935                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8946                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        37829                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        17812                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  28788176                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 28788176                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        83321                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            83321                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       111175                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           111175                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               35                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data               14                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data               41                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data               70                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  160                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data              3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 32                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data             16562                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data               307                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data              8492                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data              1741                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 27102                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst          34878                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst           7569                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst          54724                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst          28613                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             125784                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         12786                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data          3281                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data         11629                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data          6522                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             34218                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                34878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                29348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                 7569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data                 3588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                54724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data                20121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                28613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data                 8263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   187104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst               34878                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               29348                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                7569                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data                3588                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst               54724                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data               20121                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst               28613                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data                8263                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  187104                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data              5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data              2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total                1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           18270                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data            3125                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data            5682                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data            6110                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               33187                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         3276                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1331                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst         3566                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst          977                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             9150                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         7191                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data          293                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data         1374                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data          838                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            9696                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               3276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              25461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               1331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data               3418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst               3566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data               7056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data               6948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  52033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              3276                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             25461                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              1331                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data              3418                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst              3566                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data              7056                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst               977                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data              6948                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 52033                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        29500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       115000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        29500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        60000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       234000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        29500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        29500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1518566000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    256752000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    460488000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    505320000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2741126000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    282988000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    112537500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    308435000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     86312000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    790272500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    619910500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     28649000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    127595000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     76173500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    852328000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    282988000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2138476500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    112537500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    285401000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    308435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data    588083000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     86312000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data    581493500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4383726500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    282988000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2138476500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    112537500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    285401000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    308435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data    588083000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     86312000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data    581493500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4383726500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        83321                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        83321                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       111175                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       111175                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           36                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           42                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data           72                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              169                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         34832                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data          3432                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data         14174                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data          7851                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             60289                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        38154                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         8900                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst        58290                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst        29590                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         134934                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        19977                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data         3574                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        13003                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data         7360                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         43914                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst            38154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            54809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             8900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data             7006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst            58290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data            27177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst            29590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data            15211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               239137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst           38154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           54809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            8900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data            7006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst           58290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data           27177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst           29590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data           15211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              239137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027778                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.263158                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.023810                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.027778                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.053254                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.066667                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.030303                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.524518                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.910548                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.400875                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.778245                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.550465                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.085863                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.149551                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.061177                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.033018                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.067811                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.359964                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.081981                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.105668                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.113859                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.220795                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.085863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.464540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.149551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.487868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.061177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.259631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.033018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.456775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.217587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.085863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.464540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.149551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.487868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.061177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.259631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.033018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.456775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.217587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        29500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        23000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        29500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        30000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        26000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        29500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        29500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83118.007663                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 82160.640000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 81043.294615                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 82703.764321                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82596.378100                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 86382.173382                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 84551.089406                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 86493.269770                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 88343.909928                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86368.579235                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86206.438604                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 97778.156997                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 92863.901019                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 90899.164678                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87905.115512                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 86382.173382                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83990.279251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 84551.089406                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 83499.414862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 86493.269770                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 83345.096372                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 88343.909928                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 83692.213587                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84248.967002                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 86382.173382                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83990.279251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 84551.089406                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 83499.414862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 86493.269770                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 83345.096372                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 88343.909928                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 83692.213587                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84248.967002                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                30570                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     30570                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          191                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           191                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             9                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        18270                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3125                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         5682                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         6110                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          33187                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         3276                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1331                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         3566                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          977                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         9150                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7191                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          293                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         1374                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          838                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         9696                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          3276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         25461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          1331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          3418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          3566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          7056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          6948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             52033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         3276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        25461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3418                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         3566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         7056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         6948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            52033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data          123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          485                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data          603                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data           29                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data          288                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data          155                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1075                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        95500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        19500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        40000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       174500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1335866000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    225502000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    403668000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    444220000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2409256000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    250228000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     99227500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    272775000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     76542000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    698772500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    548000500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     25719000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    113855000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     67793500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    755368000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    250228000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1883866500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     99227500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    251221000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    272775000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    517523000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     76542000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    512013500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3863396500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    250228000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1883866500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     99227500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    251221000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    272775000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    517523000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     76542000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    512013500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3863396500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     98264500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       626000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     20766500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      5020000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    124677000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     98264500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       626000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     20766500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      5020000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    124677000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027778                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.263158                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.023810                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.027778                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053254                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.066667                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030303                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.524518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.910548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.400875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.778245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.085863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.149551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.061177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.033018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067811                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.359964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.081981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.105668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.113859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.220795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.085863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.464540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.149551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.487868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.061177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.259631                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.033018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.456775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.217587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.085863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.464540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.149551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.487868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.061177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.259631                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.033018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.456775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.217587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        19100                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        20000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19388.888889                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73118.007663                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 72160.640000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 71043.294615                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 72703.764321                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72596.378100                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76382.173382                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 74551.089406                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 76493.269770                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 78343.909928                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76368.579235                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76206.438604                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 87778.156997                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 82863.901019                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 80899.164678                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77905.115512                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76382.173382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73990.279251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 74551.089406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 73499.414862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 76493.269770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 73345.096372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 78343.909928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 73692.213587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74248.967002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76382.173382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73990.279251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 74551.089406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 73499.414862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 76493.269770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 73345.096372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 78343.909928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 73692.213587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74248.967002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227464.120370                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       156500                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 170217.213115                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       156875                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 211316.949153                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 162959.369818                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 21586.206897                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 72105.902778                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 32387.096774                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 115978.604651                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        191087                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        98655                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           42                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 590                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              19467                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                485                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               485                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        75882                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            16296                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1044                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            322                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             33354                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            33152                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         18877                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         45312                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         4895                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        90686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        90686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       152399                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       154549                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 245235                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2037                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1321088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1323125                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2048117                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             6449                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                        496                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             99984                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.049378                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.216657                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   95047     95.06%     95.06% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    4937      4.94%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               99984                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             1849000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           265756312                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            5314103                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy          120390500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       492196                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       228822                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        55069                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           3676                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3154                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          522                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                590                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            186728                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               485                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              485                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       113891                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       134937                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           43624                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1169                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           354                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1523                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            61258                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           61258                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        134942                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        51223                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         4906                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          635                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       114466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       170451                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        26700                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        23122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       174875                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        87383                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        88772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        48555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                734324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1220944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1575820                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       284800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       204884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1865296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       794797                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       946896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       426984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                7320421                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           64323                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    621264                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           304098                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.231767                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.639236                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 259943     85.48%     85.48% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  26560      8.73%     94.21% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                   8868      2.92%     97.13% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                   8724      2.87%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             304098                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          356007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           338965                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          38184944                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          58084419                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy           8923952                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy           8262906                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy          58334419                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy          30610936                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy          29642397                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy          17256896                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8749192000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
