
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.539390                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2539389790500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2539389790500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 227266                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   227266                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5124352700                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 756840                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   495.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   112622241                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     112622241                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         700736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       16747184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst         135504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data         614624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         622592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data        3586608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst         151472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data         696224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::tsunami.ide         4048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           23258992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       700736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       135504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       622592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst       151472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1610304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     19227040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        19227040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst           43796                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data         1046699                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst            8469                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data           38414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst           38912                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data          224163                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst            9467                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data           43514                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::tsunami.ide           253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1453687                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1201690                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1201690                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            275947                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data           6594964                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst             53361                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data            242036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst            245174                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data           1412390                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst             59649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data            274170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::tsunami.ide            1594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total               9159284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       275947                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst        53361                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst       245174                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst        59649                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           634130                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         7571520                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              7571520                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         7571520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           275947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data          6594964                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst            53361                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data           242036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst           245174                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data          1412390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst            59649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data           274170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::tsunami.ide           1594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             16730804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1453687                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1201690                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1453687                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1201690                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               93008128                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   27840                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                40456000                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                23258992                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             19227040                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    435                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                569536                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             82932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             90364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             87331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             88090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             90410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             90385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            103526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            101877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             93167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             89559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            84498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            93477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            86605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            91405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            84038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            95588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             37295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             38951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             38798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             39398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             37892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             38842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             43823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             44131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             37119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             37366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            37202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            40732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            37421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            40166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            39630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            43359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2539389698500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4               1453687                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4              1201690                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1447476                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    5310                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     220                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                      17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                      18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                      16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                      39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                      70                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                     19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                     13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   4678                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   5731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  38865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  38823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  39136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  38844                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  38678                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  38548                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  38561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  38599                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  39119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  38955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  38756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  38699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  38538                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  38459                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  38461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  38359                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                    102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                    106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                     93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                     96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                    106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                     95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                     87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                     84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                     69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                     69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       294251                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    453.571515                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   270.794539                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   390.282130                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        79740     27.10%     27.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        52348     17.79%     44.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        28085      9.54%     54.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        17094      5.81%     60.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14229      4.84%     65.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        11491      3.91%     68.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        11754      3.99%     72.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         9469      3.22%     76.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        70041     23.80%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       294251                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        38172                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      38.070078                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    336.616903                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047        38165     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-8191            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24576-26623            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::57344-59391            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         38172                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        38172                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.559913                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.459526                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      2.330559                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         33439     87.60%     87.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19          3052      8.00%     95.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           483      1.27%     96.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23           388      1.02%     97.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           355      0.93%     98.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           260      0.68%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            68      0.18%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            11      0.03%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            19      0.05%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34-35             4      0.01%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-37             6      0.02%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38-39             3      0.01%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            12      0.03%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            11      0.03%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-45             8      0.02%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46-47             5      0.01%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-49             5      0.01%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::50-51             5      0.01%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            16      0.04%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            13      0.03%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-57             3      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::60-61             2      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::70-71             1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::74-75             3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         38172                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  24714370171                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             51962845171                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 7266260000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     17006.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                35756.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        36.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        15.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      9.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      7.57                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1284342                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  506782                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 88.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                80.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     956319.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    85.89                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1065195180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                566160870                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              5247293100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1665858600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         20608879200.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          19661886660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           1289925600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     52036561980                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     23579404320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     559149662220                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           684876619740                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            269.701257                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2492898728750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1893168500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    8751562000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 2317379593750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  61404902750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   35846105500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 114114458000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               1035771240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                550521675                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              5128926180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1633833900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         19624225920.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          19730595600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           1221152640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     48193133490                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     22543760160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     561726109740                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           681395561565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            268.330433                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2492924335500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1790726750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    8333974000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 2328529726250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  58707938750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   36340698500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 105686726250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    11609312                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      3106                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  246038                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5633669                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      348                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                          33                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                 108494                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    17242981                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                      3454                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                           33                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  354532                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    2541173                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                     1280                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                2542453                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions              14180                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         7090                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    323642698.942172                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   448255519.809222                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         7090    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        51000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2000000000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           7090                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   244763055000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2294626735500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                      5078779581                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    7090                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                 1043      0.82%      0.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 2056      1.61%      2.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      11      0.01%      2.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      2.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               115127     90.13%     92.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   5343      4.18%     96.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     96.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     4      0.00%     96.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     3      0.00%     96.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     96.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    3922      3.07%     99.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 151      0.12%     99.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                      57      0.04%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                127731                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    135817                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5867                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                482                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                481                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                  482                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.081984                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.151677                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      2535858130000     99.86%     99.86% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          3530064500      0.14%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    2057                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   46567     38.06%     38.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     11      0.01%     38.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   2546      2.08%     40.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    762      0.62%     40.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  72481     59.23%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              122367                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    46432     48.66%     48.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      11      0.01%     48.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    2546      2.67%     51.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     762      0.80%     52.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   45672     47.86%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                95423                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2440751733500     96.12%     96.12% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               11042500      0.00%     96.12% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1601501000      0.06%     96.18% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30             1094837000      0.04%     96.22% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            95929082500      3.78%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2539388196500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.997101                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.630124                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.779810                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   68143072                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     68143072                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             65831019                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                233687                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    2221704                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      9083419                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    65831019                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       233687                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           89392934                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          50185264                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               80677                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              82073                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     17268649                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   11624080                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5644569                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              4589253470.998193                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              489526110.001807                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.096387                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.903613                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         11723797                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              1397377      2.05%      2.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 48306645     70.89%     72.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  151773      0.22%     73.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     73.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  95477      0.14%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                   2102      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                11875927     17.43%     90.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                5595163      8.21%     98.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead              69805      0.10%     99.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite             66303      0.10%     99.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                585987      0.86%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  68146559                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          3128088                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         2027.424710                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           14067968                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          3128088                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             4.497306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        265721500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  2027.424710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.989953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          876                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1059                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         20421611                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        20421611                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      9259879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        9259879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      4348684                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4348684                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       209081                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       209081                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       214226                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       214226                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     13608563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        13608563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     13608563                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       13608563                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      2127378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2127378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      1058031                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1058031                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data        19414                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        19414                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         9415                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         9415                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      3185409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       3185409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      3185409                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      3185409                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  52458356000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  52458356000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  66357776500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  66357776500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    245335500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    245335500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     51167000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     51167000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 118816132500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 118816132500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 118816132500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 118816132500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     11387257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11387257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5406715                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5406715                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       228495                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       228495                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       223641                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       223641                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     16793972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16793972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     16793972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16793972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.186821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.186821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.195688                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.195688                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.084965                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.084965                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.042099                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.042099                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.189676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.189676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.189676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.189676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24658.690651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24658.690651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62718.177917                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62718.177917                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12637.040280                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12637.040280                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5434.625597                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5434.625597                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37300.118289                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37300.118289                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37300.118289                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37300.118289                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2637540                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          2637540                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      2127378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2127378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1058031                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1058031                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        19414                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        19414                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9415                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         9415                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      3185409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3185409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      3185409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3185409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         5222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         9909                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9909                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        15131                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15131                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  50330978000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  50330978000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  65299745500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  65299745500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    225921500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    225921500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     41752000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41752000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 115630723500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 115630723500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 115630723500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 115630723500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1189369000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1189369000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1189369000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1189369000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.186821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.186821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.195688                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.195688                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.084965                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084965                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.042099                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042099                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.189676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.189676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.189676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.189676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 23658.690651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23658.690651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 61718.177917                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61718.177917                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11637.040280                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11637.040280                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  4434.625597                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4434.625597                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36300.118289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36300.118289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36300.118289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36300.118289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227761.202604                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227761.202604                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 78604.784879                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 78604.784879                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements          2964977                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.852924                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           65159787                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs          2964977                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            21.976490                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       9419890500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   511.852924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          293                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        139258661                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       139258661                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     65181019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       65181019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     65181019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        65181019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     65181019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       65181019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst      2965541                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      2965541                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst      2965541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       2965541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst      2965541                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      2965541                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  42867290000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42867290000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  42867290000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  42867290000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  42867290000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  42867290000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     68146560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     68146560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     68146560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     68146560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     68146560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     68146560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.043517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.043517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.043517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.043517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.043517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.043517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14455.133144                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14455.133144                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14455.133144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14455.133144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14455.133144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14455.133144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks      2964977                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total          2964977                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      2965541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2965541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      2965541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2965541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      2965541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2965541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  39901749000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39901749000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  39901749000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39901749000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  39901749000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39901749000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.043517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.043517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.043517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13455.133144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13455.133144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13455.133144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13455.133144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13455.133144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13455.133144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     1227179                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      2253                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                           12                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  118243                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                     713617                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      192                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          15                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                  56482                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     1940796                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                      2445                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           27                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                  174725                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                    1186331                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                     1151                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                1187482                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numPwrStateTransitions               6275                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         3138                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    803235889.738687                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   328887177.118051                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         3138    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    973672000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           3138                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    18835568500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2520554222000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                      5078131139                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    3138                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                   72      0.16%      0.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  362      0.79%      0.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       8      0.02%      0.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.02%      0.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                37436     81.23%     82.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   5014     10.88%     93.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     93.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%     93.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.00%     93.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.01%     93.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    3019      6.55%     99.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 104      0.23%     99.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                      52      0.11%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 46084                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     52364                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              620                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                314                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               2718                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                387                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  314                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                   73                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.624194                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.026858                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.211939                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        7445221500      0.29%      0.29% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user          1837762000      0.07%      0.37% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        2525084466000     99.63%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     363                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   12118     28.11%     28.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   2503      5.81%     33.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    153      0.35%     34.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  28337     65.73%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               43111                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    12065     45.30%     45.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    2503      9.40%     54.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     153      0.57%     55.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   11914     44.73%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                26635                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2433988214000     95.86%     95.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1157933000      0.05%     95.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30              188666500      0.01%     95.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31           103730742000      4.09%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2539065555500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.995626                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.420440                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.617824                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    5773887                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      5773887                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              5530931                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                 22796                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     215706                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       489603                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     5530931                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                        22796                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads            7552467                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           4267047                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               12595                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              12623                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1949900                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1232261                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    717639                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              5040464811.727830                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              37666327.272170                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.007417                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.992583                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           808029                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                54993      0.95%      0.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  3487456     60.37%     61.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   16966      0.29%     61.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     61.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   3363      0.06%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                    543      0.01%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1251550     21.67%     83.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 709011     12.27%     95.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead               9731      0.17%     95.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite              9159      0.16%     95.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                233587      4.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   5776359                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           106843                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1806.875540                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            1799483                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           106843                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            16.842311                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     2497636791500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  1806.875540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.882263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.882263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1702                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1699                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.831055                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2060507                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2060507                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      1144761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1144761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data       644062                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        644062                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        14521                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        14521                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        12945                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        12945                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      1788823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         1788823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      1788823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        1788823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data        68099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        68099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        52451                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        52451                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         2588                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2588                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data         1989                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1989                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       120550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        120550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       120550                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       120550                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1666559500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1666559500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2791027000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2791027000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     37042000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     37042000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     15211000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     15211000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        11000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        11000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4457586500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4457586500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4457586500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4457586500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1212860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1212860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data       696513                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       696513                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        17109                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17109                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        14934                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14934                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      1909373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1909373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      1909373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1909373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.056147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.056147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.075305                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.075305                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.151265                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.151265                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.133186                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.133186                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.063136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.063136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.063136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.063136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24472.598717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24472.598717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 53212.083659                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53212.083659                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14312.982998                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14312.982998                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7647.561589                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7647.561589                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 36977.075902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36977.075902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 36977.075902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36977.075902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        69940                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            69940                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        68099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        68099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        52451                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        52451                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2588                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         2588                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1989                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         1989                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       120550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       120550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       120550                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       120550                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         2964                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         2964                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         2991                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         2991                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1598460500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1598460500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2738576000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2738576000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     34454000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34454000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     13224000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13224000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data         9000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4337036500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4337036500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4337036500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4337036500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      6202500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6202500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      6202500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6202500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.056147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.075305                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.075305                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.151265                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151265                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.133186                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.133186                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.063136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.063136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23472.598717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23472.598717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52212.083659                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52212.083659                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13312.982998                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13312.982998                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6648.567119                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6648.567119                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35977.075902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35977.075902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35977.075902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35977.075902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 229722.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 229722.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  2073.721163                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  2073.721163                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           423863                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          499.806459                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            5345774                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           423863                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            12.612033                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      97843922500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   499.806459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.976184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.976184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          464                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         11977140                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        11977140                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      5351937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        5351937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      5351937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         5351937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      5351937                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        5351937                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       424422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       424422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       424422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        424422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       424422                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       424422                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6438658000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6438658000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6438658000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6438658000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6438658000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6438658000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      5776359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5776359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      5776359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      5776359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      5776359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      5776359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.073476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.073476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.073476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.073476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.073476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.073476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15170.415294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15170.415294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15170.415294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15170.415294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15170.415294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15170.415294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks       423863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total           423863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       424422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       424422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       424422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       424422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       424422                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       424422                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6014236000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6014236000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6014236000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6014236000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6014236000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6014236000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.073476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.073476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.073476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14170.415294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14170.415294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14170.415294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14170.415294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14170.415294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14170.415294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     4965033                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                      4922                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                           14                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                  431078                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    3199618                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                      549                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                          75                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                 152231                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                     8164651                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                      5471                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                           89                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                  583309                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                    2803572                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                     2785                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           1                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                2806357                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numPwrStateTransitions              10873                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         5437                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    449245975.354056                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   450518920.056854                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         5437    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        12000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    973667500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           5437                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    96839422500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2442550368000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                      5078132882                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                    5437                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                 1442      1.49%      1.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      1.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      1.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                 3551      3.67%      5.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                      18      0.02%      5.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      5.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                80124     82.85%     88.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   5557      5.75%     93.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     93.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     3      0.00%     93.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     6      0.01%     93.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.00%     93.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    5655      5.85%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 241      0.25%     99.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                     102      0.11%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 96714                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    109216                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             8461                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                752                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                752                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  752                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.088878                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.163248                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      2530077647000     99.78%     99.78% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user          5636452500      0.22%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                    3552                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                   33733     37.51%     37.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                    103      0.11%     37.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                   2503      2.78%     40.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                   1550      1.72%     42.13% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  52045     57.87%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               89934                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                    32976     48.10%     48.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                     103      0.15%     48.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                    2503      3.65%     51.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                    1550      2.26%     54.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                   31430     45.84%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                68562                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2405077592500     94.72%     94.72% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21              100653000      0.00%     94.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1219467000      0.05%     94.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30             1988336500      0.08%     94.85% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31           130680378000      5.15%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2539066427000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.977559                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.603900                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.762359                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   25781511                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     25781511                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             25017555                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                289103                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     777225                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      2618167                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    25017555                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                       289103                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           34931517                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          18818169                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads              143393                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes             146721                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      8206466                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    4990076                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   3216390                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              4884478698.813684                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              193654183.186316                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.038135                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.961865                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          3674405                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               186640      0.72%      0.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 16637629     64.52%     65.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   49291      0.19%     65.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     65.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  21351      0.08%     65.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     65.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     65.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     65.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     65.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                   1473      0.01%     65.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     65.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     65.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     65.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     65.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     65.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     65.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     65.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     65.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     65.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     65.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     65.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     65.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     65.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     65.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     65.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     65.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     65.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     65.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     65.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 4970577     19.28%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                3143865     12.19%     96.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead             135541      0.53%     97.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite            130738      0.51%     98.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                509966      1.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  25787071                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           839070                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1295.168409                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            7140513                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           839070                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.510033                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     2483469359500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data  1295.168409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.632406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.632406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1666                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1662                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.813477                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          9224824                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses         9224824                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      4401006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4401006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      2584185                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2584185                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data        50793                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        50793                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data        49774                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        49774                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      6985191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         6985191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      6985191                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        6985191                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       508579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       508579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       548784                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       548784                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data        22999                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        22999                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data        19326                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        19326                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      1057363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       1057363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1057363                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      1057363                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9726603500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9726603500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  20493971500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  20493971500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    221955000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    221955000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     90466500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     90466500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data         5500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total         5500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  30220575000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30220575000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  30220575000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30220575000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      4909585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4909585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      3132969                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3132969                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        73792                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        73792                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data        69100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        69100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      8042554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8042554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      8042554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8042554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.103589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.103589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.175164                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.175164                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.311673                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.311673                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.279682                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.279682                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.131471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.131471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.131471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.131471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19125.059234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19125.059234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 37344.331285                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37344.331285                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  9650.636984                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9650.636984                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  4681.077305                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4681.077305                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 28581.078589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28581.078589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 28581.078589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28581.078589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       636696                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           636696                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       508579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       508579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       548784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       548784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        22999                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        22999                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        19326                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        19326                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      1057363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1057363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      1057363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1057363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         1763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         8039                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         8039                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         9802                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         9802                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9218024500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9218024500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  19945187500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19945187500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    198956000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    198956000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     71141500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71141500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data         4500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         4500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  29163212000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29163212000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  29163212000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29163212000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    362692000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    362692000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    362692000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    362692000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.103589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.103589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.175164                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.175164                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.311673                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.311673                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.279682                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.279682                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.131471                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.131471                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.131471                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.131471                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 18125.059234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18125.059234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 36344.331285                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36344.331285                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  8650.636984                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8650.636984                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  3681.129049                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3681.129049                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 27581.078589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27581.078589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 27581.078589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27581.078589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 205724.333522                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 205724.333522                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 37001.836360                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 37001.836360                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements          2282404                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          499.718451                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           23499154                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs          2282404                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            10.295791                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      98394045500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   499.718451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.976013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.976013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          428                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         53857147                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        53857147                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst     23504066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       23504066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst     23504066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        23504066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst     23504066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       23504066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst      2283005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      2283005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst      2283005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total       2283005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst      2283005                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total      2283005                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  33503696500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33503696500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  33503696500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  33503696500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  33503696500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  33503696500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst     25787071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     25787071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst     25787071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     25787071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst     25787071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     25787071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.088533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.088533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.088533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.088533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.088533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.088533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14675.261990                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14675.261990                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14675.261990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14675.261990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14675.261990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14675.261990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks      2282404                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total          2282404                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst      2283005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2283005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst      2283005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2283005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst      2283005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2283005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  31220691500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31220691500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  31220691500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31220691500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  31220691500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31220691500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.088533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.088533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.088533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13675.261990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13675.261990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13675.261990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13675.261990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13675.261990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13675.261990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                     2625437                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                      2305                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                           72                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                   22573                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                    1725943                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                      239                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                          53                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                   7720                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                     4351380                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                      2544                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                          125                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                   30293                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                    1258030                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                      911                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                1258941                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numPwrStateTransitions               7457                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         3729                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    668481357.736659                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   397054126.201481                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         3729    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        97500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    973627000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           3729                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    46622807500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2492766983000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                      5078132281                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                    3729                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                  648      0.71%      0.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1694      1.85%      2.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                      27      0.03%      2.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      2.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                79726     87.07%     89.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   5055      5.52%     95.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     95.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.00%     95.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                    4316      4.71%     99.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  65      0.07%     99.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                      22      0.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 91568                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                     98395                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5373                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                431                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                431                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                  431                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.080216                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.148518                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      2535344091000     99.97%     99.97% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user           649448500      0.03%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                    1695                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                   30127     34.51%     34.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                   2502      2.87%     37.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                    822      0.94%     38.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                  53837     61.68%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               87288                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                    29487     47.84%     47.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                    2502      4.06%     51.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                     822      1.33%     53.24% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                   28823     46.76%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                61634                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2416897577000     95.19%     95.19% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1222488500      0.05%     95.24% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30              982400000      0.04%     95.28% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31           119963661000      4.72%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2539066126500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.978757                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.535375                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.706099                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   12923771                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     12923771                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             12443998                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                 94165                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     525477                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1173563                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    12443998                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                        94165                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           17104218                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           9375714                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               45604                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              46914                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      4373150                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    2637938                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1735212                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              4984898550.328866                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              93233730.671135                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.018360                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.981640                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1902188                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                68137      0.53%      0.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  7913471     61.22%     61.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   28479      0.22%     61.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     61.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   5124      0.04%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                     79      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 2697307     20.87%     82.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1694263     13.11%     95.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead              45176      0.35%     96.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite             43786      0.34%     96.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                430618      3.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  12926440                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements           390203                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1925.718907                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            3912692                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           390203                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.027324                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     2508058923500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data  1925.718907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.940292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.940292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1930                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1927                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.942383                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4804741                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4804741                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data      2334219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2334219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data      1432387                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1432387                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data        43899                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        43899                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data        44770                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        44770                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data      3766606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total         3766606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data      3766606                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total        3766606                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data       240981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       240981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data       234367                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       234367                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data        16394                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        16394                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data        14827                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        14827                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data       475348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        475348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data       475348                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       475348                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   3454270000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3454270000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4832477500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4832477500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    134471500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    134471500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     76803000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     76803000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   8286747500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8286747500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   8286747500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8286747500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data      2575200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2575200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data      1666754                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1666754                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data        60293                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        60293                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data        59597                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        59597                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data      4241954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4241954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data      4241954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4241954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.093578                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.093578                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.140613                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.140613                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.271906                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.271906                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.248788                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.248788                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.112059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.112059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.112059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.112059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 14334.200622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14334.200622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20619.274471                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20619.274471                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  8202.482616                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8202.482616                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  5179.941998                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5179.941998                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17433.012235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17433.012235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17433.012235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17433.012235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       299327                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           299327                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       240981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       240981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       234367                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       234367                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        16394                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        16394                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        14827                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        14827                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       475348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       475348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       475348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       475348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           68                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           68                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data         4246                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         4246                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data         4314                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         4314                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   3213289000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3213289000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4598110500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4598110500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    118077500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118077500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     61976000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61976000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   7811399500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7811399500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   7811399500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7811399500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     13768000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     13768000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     13768000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     13768000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.093578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.140613                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.140613                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.271906                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.271906                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.248788                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248788                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.112059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.112059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.112059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.112059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 13334.200622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13334.200622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 19619.274471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19619.274471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  7202.482616                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7202.482616                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  4179.941998                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4179.941998                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16433.012235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16433.012235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16433.012235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16433.012235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 202470.588235                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 202470.588235                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data  3191.469634                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  3191.469634                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements          1562914                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          499.624562                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           11357499                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1562914                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs             7.266874                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      98499943500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   499.624562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.975829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.975829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          464                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         27416316                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        27416316                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst     11363004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11363004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst     11363004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        11363004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst     11363004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       11363004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst      1563436                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1563436                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst      1563436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total       1563436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst      1563436                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total      1563436                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  21871960500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21871960500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  21871960500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  21871960500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  21871960500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  21871960500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst     12926440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12926440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst     12926440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     12926440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst     12926440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     12926440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.120949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.120949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.120949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.120949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.120949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.120949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13989.674345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13989.674345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13989.674345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13989.674345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13989.674345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13989.674345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1562914                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total          1562914                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst      1563436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1563436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst      1563436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1563436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst      1563436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1563436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  20308524500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20308524500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  20308524500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20308524500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  20308524500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20308524500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.120949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.120949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.120949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 12989.674345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12989.674345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 12989.674345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12989.674345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 12989.674345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12989.674345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 326                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2836480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        368                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7484                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7484                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              202950                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             202950                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        33580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        19978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         3654                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        64476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       356392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       356392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  420868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio       134320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2063                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          169                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9989                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio        14596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3827                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       165206                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2849952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2849952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  3015158                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             36518000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               629000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                20000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                19000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy               18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy               19500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              170500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            17385000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             3620500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5227500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy               75500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           397040800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            39318000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy           178600000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements               178132                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                1.644139                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               178132                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         2474153813000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     1.644139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.025690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.025690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              1603764                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             1603764                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide       178196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total            178196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide       178196                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total           178196                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     73280741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     73280741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  20542199059                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total  20542199059                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  20615479800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  20615479800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  20615479800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  20615479800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide       178196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total          178196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide       178196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total         178196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 181387.972772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181387.972772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115540.626457                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115540.626457                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115689.913354                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115689.913354                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115689.913354                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115689.913354                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        181318                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                35725                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     5.075381                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          177728                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               177728                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide       178196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       178196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide       178196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       178196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     53080741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53080741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11645846475                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11645846475                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11698927216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11698927216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11698927216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11698927216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 131387.972772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131387.972772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65502.646210                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65502.646210                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65652.019215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65652.019215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65652.019215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65652.019215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                   1404224                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 65332.948833                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    14507595                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1404224                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     10.331397                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               15345658000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1812.414046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      6820.757764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     33580.347147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst       103.402241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data       906.017602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst       538.027325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     17731.909649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst       909.789805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data      2930.283253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.027655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.104077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.512395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.001578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.013825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.008210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.270567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.013882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.044713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         65536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          915                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        35306                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        20160                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  84120572                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 84120572                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3643502                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          3643502                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      4765866                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          4765866                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             9039                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             1146                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data             8424                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data             6815                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                25424                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data           1315                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            697                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data           1289                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data           1718                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               5019                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            292405                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data             16824                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            312997                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data             70378                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                692604                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst        2921573                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst         415851                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst        2243844                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst        1553760                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            7135028                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       1766865                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data         47408                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data        396077                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data        146506                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           2356856                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              2921573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data              2059270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst               415851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data                64232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              2243844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data               709074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst              1553760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data               216884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 10184488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             2921573                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data             2059270                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst              415851                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data               64232                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             2243844                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data              709074                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst             1553760                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data              216884                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                10184488                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             40                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data             90                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data             44                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data             47                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                221                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          716621                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           27323                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          178589                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data           33386                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              955919                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst        43896                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst         8562                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst        39077                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst         9638                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           101173                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       330119                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data        11130                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data        46414                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data        10168                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          397831                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              43896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data            1046740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               8562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data              38453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              39077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data             225003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst               9638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data              43554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1454923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             43896                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data           1046740                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              8562                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data             38453                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             39077                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data            225003                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst              9638                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data             43554                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1454923                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       240000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       322500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       444000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       431500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1438000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        57000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        58000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        29500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        28500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       173000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  60469182500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2456000500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  15655515500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   3240183000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   81820881500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3879837000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    744770500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3453141000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    931194000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   9008942500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  28610221000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    995034000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4246673000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1204521500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  35056449500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3879837000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  89079403500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    744770500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3451034500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3453141000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  19902188500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    931194000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4444704500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     125886273500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3879837000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  89079403500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    744770500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3451034500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3453141000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  19902188500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    931194000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4444704500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    125886273500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3643502                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3643502                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      4765866                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      4765866                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         9079                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1236                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data         8468                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data         6862                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            25645                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1324                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          704                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data         1294                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data         1720                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           5042                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       1009026                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data         44147                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        491586                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data        103764                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1648523                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      2965469                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       424413                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      2282921                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst      1563398                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        7236201                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2096984                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        58538                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       442491                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data       156674                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       2754687                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          2965469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          3106010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst           424413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data           102685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          2282921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data           934077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst          1563398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data           260438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             11639411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         2965469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         3106010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst          424413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data          102685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         2282921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data          934077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst         1563398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data          260438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            11639411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004406                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.072816                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.005196                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.006849                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.008618                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006798                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.009943                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003864                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.001163                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.004562                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.710211                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.618910                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.363291                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.321749                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.579864                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014802                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.020174                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.017117                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.006165                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.013982                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.157426                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.190133                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.104893                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.064899                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.144420                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.014802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.337005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.020174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.374475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.017117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.240883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.006165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.167234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.125000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.014802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.337005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.020174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.374475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.017117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.240883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.006165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.167234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.125000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data         6000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  3583.333333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 10090.909091                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  9180.851064                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6506.787330                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  6333.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  8285.714286                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data         5900                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        14250                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7521.739130                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84380.980323                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 89887.658749                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 87662.260834                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 97052.147607                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85593.948337                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 88387.028431                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 86985.575800                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 88367.607544                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 96616.932974                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89044.927995                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86666.386970                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 89401.078167                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 91495.518594                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 118461.988592                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88118.948750                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 88387.028431                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85101.747807                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 86985.575800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 89746.820794                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 88367.607544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 88452.991738                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 96616.932974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 102050.431648                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86524.354553                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 88387.028431                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85101.747807                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 86985.575800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 89746.820794                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 88367.607544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 88452.991738                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 96616.932974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 102050.431648                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86524.354553                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1023962                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1023962                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          100                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           93                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          165                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          171                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total           529                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          189                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total          209                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              93                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data              18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            100                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             93                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst            165                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            189                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst            171                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data             18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                738                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         3375                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          3375                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           40                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           90                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           44                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           47                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           221                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       716621                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        27323                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       178589                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        33386                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         955919                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        43796                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         8469                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        38912                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         9467                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total       100644                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       330118                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        11129                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        46225                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        10150                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       397622                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         43796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       1046739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          8469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         38452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         38912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        224814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          9467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         43536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1454185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        43796                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1046739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         8469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        38452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        38912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       224814                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         9467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        43536                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1454185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         5222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           68                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         9909                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         2964                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         8039                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data         4246                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        25158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        15131                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         2991                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         9802                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data         4314                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        32238                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       796500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1748000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       860500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       919500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4324500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       178500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       136500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        98500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        39000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       452500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  53302972500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2182770500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  13869625500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2906323000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  72261691500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3419956001                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    651456500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3042376000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    807496002                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7921284503                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  25308977500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    883694500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3769377000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1101731000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31063780000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3419956001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  78611950000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    651456500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3066465000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3042376000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  17639002500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    807496002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4008054000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 111246756003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3419956001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  78611950000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    651456500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3066465000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3042376000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  17639002500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    807496002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4008054000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 111246756003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1124088000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      5864000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    340650000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     12918000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1483520000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1124088000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      5864000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    340650000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     12918000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1483520000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004406                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.072816                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.005196                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.006849                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008618                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006798                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.009943                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003864                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.001163                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004562                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.710211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.618910                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.363291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.321749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.579864                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.019955                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.017045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.006055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013908                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.157425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.190116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.104465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.064784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.144344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014769                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.337004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.019955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.374466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.017045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.240680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.006055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.167165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.124936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014769                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.337004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.019955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.374466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.017045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.240680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.006055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.167165                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.124936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19912.500000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19422.222222                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19556.818182                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 19563.829787                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19567.873303                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19833.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        19500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        19700                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        19500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19673.913043                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74380.980323                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 79887.658749                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 77662.260834                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 87052.147607                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75593.948337                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78088.318591                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76922.481993                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 78186.060855                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 85295.870075                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78705.978528                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76666.457146                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 79404.663492                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 81544.121147                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 108544.926108                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78123.896565                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78088.318591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75101.768445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76922.481993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 79747.867471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 78186.060855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 78460.427287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 85295.870075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 92062.982359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76501.102682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78088.318591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75101.768445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76922.481993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 79747.867471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 78186.060855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 78460.427287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 85295.870075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 92062.982359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76501.102682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 215260.053619                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 217185.185185                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 193221.781055                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 189970.588235                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 209536.723164                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 74290.397198                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  1960.548312                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 34753.111610                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data  2994.436718                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 46017.743036                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       3333593                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1709559                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          917                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7080                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             505750                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              25158                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             25158                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1201690                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           355560                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            98124                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          40535                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            961222                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           955570                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        498670                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        177792                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         6007                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       356581                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       356581                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        64476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      4430699                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      4495175                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                4851756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2847696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2847696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       165206                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     39638336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     39803542                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                42651238                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                           150278                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                       8848                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1808581                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.003828                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.061756                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1801657     99.62%     99.62% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    6924      0.38%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1808581                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            63702500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          4397316520                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            7238622                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         3349027763                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     23880387                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     10339037                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      4593075                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          32302                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        30062                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         2240                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               7080                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          10250024                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             25158                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            25158                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4667464                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      7234158                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1200963                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          123199                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         45554                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         168753                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1770434                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1770434                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       7236404                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3006587                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         6367                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          262                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      8895987                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      9489007                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1272698                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       342578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      6848330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2902371                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4689748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1174612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              35615331                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     94887136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     91952337                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     13572416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2785604                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     73045200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     25186881                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     50020992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      8989504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              360440070                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1923044                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  22366912                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         13625010                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.422853                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.855282                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               10365024     76.07%     76.07% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                1577879     11.58%     87.65% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 862921      6.33%     93.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 819099      6.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                     79      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      6      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           13625010                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        17407724993                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           280916                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        2972124159                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3207385790                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy         425784218                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy         123880967                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy        2295785696                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy        1078675222                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy        1571701238                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy         478478865                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2539389790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.008726                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8726285000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2548116075500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               26350002                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 26349903                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2008120562                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 758888                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     4.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   114503089                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     114503089                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          75920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         341984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst          18576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data          66240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst          73264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data         118528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst          25888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data         114592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             834992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        75920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        18576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst        73264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst        25888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        193648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1190448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1190448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst            4745                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           21374                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst            1161                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data            4140                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst            4579                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data            7408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst            1618                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data            7162                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               52187                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         74403                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              74403                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           8700151                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          39190102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst           2128741                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data           7590859                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst           8395784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data          13582871                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst           2966669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data          13131820                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              95686996                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      8700151                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst      2128741                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst      8395784                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst      2966669                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         22191345                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       136420940                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            136420940                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       136420940                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          8700151                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         39190102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst          2128741                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data          7590859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst          8395784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data         13582871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst          2966669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data         13131820                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            232107936                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       52187                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      74403                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     52187                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    74403                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                3339008                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1787008                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  834992                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1190448                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                 46479                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              2092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              4587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              3901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              3075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              5756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              6241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              5797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             3225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             4199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             3883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              2302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              2321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              2000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             2041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             2279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    8726364000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                 52187                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                74403                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   51365                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     803                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    782                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   1726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   1705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   1761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   1688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   1625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   1604                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1589                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   1609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   1753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   1680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   1622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   1658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   1595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1572                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   1569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   1540                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        12354                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    414.870649                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.228760                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   380.249104                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3491     28.26%     28.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2651     21.46%     49.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1187      9.61%     59.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          728      5.89%     65.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          550      4.45%     69.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          465      3.76%     73.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          356      2.88%     76.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          299      2.42%     78.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2627     21.26%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        12354                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1503                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      34.723886                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     31.028255                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-15            492     32.73%     32.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-31           140      9.31%     42.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-47           395     26.28%     68.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-63           254     16.90%     85.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-79           116      7.72%     92.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-95            64      4.26%     97.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-111           22      1.46%     98.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::112-127            6      0.40%     99.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-143            5      0.33%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::144-159            2      0.13%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-175            3      0.20%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::176-191            1      0.07%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::224-239            2      0.13%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-271            1      0.07%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          1503                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1503                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      18.577512                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     18.144088                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      4.768036                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17           948     63.07%     63.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           123      8.18%     71.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           125      8.32%     79.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23           105      6.99%     86.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            95      6.32%     92.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            67      4.46%     97.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            14      0.93%     98.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30-31             2      0.13%     98.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-33             3      0.20%     98.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34-35             1      0.07%     98.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-37             4      0.27%     98.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-41             4      0.27%     99.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::42-43             2      0.13%     99.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-45             1      0.07%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46-47             1      0.07%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-49             2      0.13%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::50-51             2      0.13%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-53             1      0.07%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-57             2      0.13%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-65             1      0.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          1503                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    789598250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              1767823250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  260860000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15134.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                33884.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       382.64                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       204.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     95.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    136.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    45030                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   22710                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 86.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                81.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      68934.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    84.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 41119260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 21859200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               168953820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               68549040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         628162080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            779599830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             32028000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1771422630                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       596187840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        414806340                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             4523086080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            518.328943                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           6931529500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     42781000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     266398000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1495077750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1552555750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1484919500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3884553000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 47088300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 25024230                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               203554260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               77203800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         660738000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            811467390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             42793920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1791984810                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       636339360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        367537620                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             4664205270                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            534.500680                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           6834266500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     65592750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     280262000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1247334500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1657128250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1546122000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3929845500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                      145508                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                       497                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                   52425                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                     131122                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      125                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                          15                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                  25975                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                      276630                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                       622                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                           15                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                   78400                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                     255121                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                      268                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                 255389                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                 22                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           11                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    405882454.545455                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   298205134.904603                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           11    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value      8162500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    970240000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             11                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     4261578000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   4464707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        17452570                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      11                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   67      4.52%      4.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.20%      5.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1220     82.38%     87.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     23      1.55%     88.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.07%     88.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.07%     89.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     134      9.05%     98.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  24      1.62%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       4      0.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  1481                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      2401                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              201                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                117                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                117                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                  117                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.582090                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.735849                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        7884580000     90.36%     90.36% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user           841498000      9.64%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      67                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     618     45.14%     45.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                      4      0.29%     45.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                      9      0.66%     46.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      2      0.15%     46.24% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    736     53.76%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                1369                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      616     49.48%     49.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                       4      0.32%     49.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                       9      0.72%     50.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       2      0.16%     50.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     614     49.32%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 1245                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0              8284806000     94.94%     94.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                4029500      0.05%     94.99% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                7048500      0.08%     95.07% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                3083500      0.04%     95.11% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              427110500      4.89%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total          8726078000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.996764                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.834239                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.909423                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     755391                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       755391                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               727215                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3960                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      22988                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        76610                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      727215                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         3960                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            1017582                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            509248                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                2545                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               2507                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       278089                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     146611                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    131478                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              8929413.998977                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              8523156.001023                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.488361                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.511639                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           105280                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                14078      1.86%      1.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                   441290     58.37%     60.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     732      0.10%     60.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   1217      0.16%     60.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     60.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                    230      0.03%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  150256     19.87%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 130686     17.29%     97.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead               1353      0.18%     97.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite              1160      0.15%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                 15026      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                    756028                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            58179                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         2010.656306                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             220879                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            60227                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             3.667442                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  2010.656306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.981766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.981766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          839                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           335186                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          335186                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       121079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         121079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        93066                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         93066                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data         1702                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1702                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data         2075                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2075                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       214145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          214145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       214145                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         214145                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        22314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        22314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        35822                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        35822                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data          587                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          587                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data           69                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           69                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        58136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         58136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        58136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        58136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    870327000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    870327000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1436644000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1436644000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     10281000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     10281000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       415000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       415000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2306971000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2306971000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2306971000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2306971000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       143393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       143393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       128888                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       128888                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2289                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2289                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2144                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2144                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       272281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       272281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       272281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       272281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.155614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.155614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.277931                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.277931                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.256444                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.256444                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.032183                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.032183                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.213515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.213515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.213515                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.213515                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39003.630008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39003.630008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40105.075094                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40105.075094                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17514.480409                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17514.480409                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  6014.492754                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6014.492754                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39682.313885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39682.313885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39682.313885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39682.313885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        43935                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            43935                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        35822                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        35822                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          587                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          587                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           69                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        58136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        58136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data          603                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          603                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    848013000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    848013000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1400822000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1400822000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      9694000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9694000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       346000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       346000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2248835000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2248835000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2248835000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2248835000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    103670500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    103670500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    103670500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    103670500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.155614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.155614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.277931                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.277931                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.256444                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256444                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.032183                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032183                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.213515                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.213515                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.213515                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.213515                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38003.630008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38003.630008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39105.075094                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39105.075094                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16514.480409                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16514.480409                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5014.492754                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5014.492754                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38682.313885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38682.313885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38682.313885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38682.313885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 239978.009259                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 239978.009259                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 171924.543947                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 171924.543947                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            38315                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.998359                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             738943                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            38826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            19.032169                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   511.998359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          285                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1550373                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         1550373                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       717711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         717711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       717711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          717711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       717711                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         717711                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst        38317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        38317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst        38317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         38317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst        38317                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        38317                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    862702500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    862702500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    862702500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    862702500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    862702500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    862702500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       756028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       756028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       756028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       756028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       756028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       756028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.050682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.050682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.050682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.050682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.050682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.050682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 22514.875904                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22514.875904                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 22514.875904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22514.875904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 22514.875904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22514.875904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks        38315                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total            38315                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        38317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        38317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        38317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    824385500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    824385500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    824385500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    824385500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    824385500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    824385500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.050682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.050682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.050682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 21514.875904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21514.875904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 21514.875904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21514.875904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 21514.875904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21514.875904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                       30736                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                       325                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                           12                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                    1841                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                      19712                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                       34                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           8                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                    895                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                       50448                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                       359                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           20                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                    2736                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                      25510                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      124                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                  25634                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numPwrStateTransitions                 30                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           16                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    493282062.500000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   390182146.856050                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           16    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    973045500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             16                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      833772000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   7892513000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                        17579102                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      15                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   56     11.97%     11.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.07%     13.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  297     63.46%     76.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                     21      4.49%     80.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      78     16.67%     97.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      1.92%     99.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.43%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   468                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       983                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              120                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 66                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 14                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   66                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.558333                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.071429                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.670000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         746657500     11.46%     11.46% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            38852500      0.60%     12.06% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          5727855000     87.94%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      56                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     150     38.76%     38.76% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                      9      2.33%     41.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      0.78%     41.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    225     58.14%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 387                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      150     48.54%     48.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                       9      2.91%     51.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      0.97%     52.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     147     47.57%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  309                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0              8643820000     98.34%     98.34% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                5089500      0.06%     98.40% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                4521500      0.05%     98.45% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              136120000      1.55%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total          8789551000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.653333                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.798450                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.committedInsts                     166056                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                       166056                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses               159942                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                   238                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                       3714                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts        18503                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                      159942                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                          238                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads             213247                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes            120229                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                 120                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                121                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                        51539                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                      31605                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                     19934                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              15899468.223305                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              1679633.776695                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.095547                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.904453                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                            23619                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                 2910      1.75%      1.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                   103452     62.16%     63.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     184      0.11%     64.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                     31      0.02%     64.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     64.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      3      0.00%     64.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     64.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                   32665     19.63%     83.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                  19858     11.93%     95.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                104      0.06%     95.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite               100      0.06%     95.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                  7128      4.28%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                    166435                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             8907                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1841.501498                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              62622                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            10722                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             5.840515                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  1841.501498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.899171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.899171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1815                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1812                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.886230                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            60350                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           60350                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data        25544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          25544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data        15288                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15288                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data          383                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          383                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data          485                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          485                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data        40832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           40832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data        40832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          40832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data         5205                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5205                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data         3987                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3987                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data           29                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           29                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data         9192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          9192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data         9192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         9192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     99731000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99731000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    317489000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    317489000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2874000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      2874000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       203000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       203000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    417220000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    417220000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    417220000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    417220000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data        30749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data        19275                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        19275                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data          515                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          515                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data          514                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          514                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data        50024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        50024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data        50024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        50024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.169274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.169274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.206848                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.206848                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.256311                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.256311                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.056420                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.056420                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.183752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.183752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.183752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.183752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19160.614793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19160.614793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 79631.050915                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79631.050915                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21772.727273                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21772.727273                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data         7000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         7000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 45389.469104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45389.469104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 45389.469104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45389.469104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6204                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             6204                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         5205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3987                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3987                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           29                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         9192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         9192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data           29                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     94526000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94526000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    313502000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    313502000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2742000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2742000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       174000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       174000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    408028000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    408028000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    408028000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    408028000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       676000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       676000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.169274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.169274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.206848                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.206848                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.256311                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256311                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.056420                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056420                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.183752                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.183752                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.183752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.183752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18160.614793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18160.614793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 78631.050915                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78631.050915                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20772.727273                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20772.727273                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data         6000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         6000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 44389.469104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44389.469104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 44389.469104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44389.469104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       169000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       169000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 23310.344828                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 23310.344828                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             9066                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             163532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             9578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            17.073711                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           341936                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          341936                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst       157369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         157369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst       157369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          157369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst       157369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         157369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst         9066                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         9066                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst         9066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          9066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         9066                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         9066                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    208617500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    208617500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    208617500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    208617500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    208617500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    208617500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       166435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst       166435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       166435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst       166435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       166435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.054472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.054472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.054472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.054472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.054472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.054472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 23010.975072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23010.975072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 23010.975072                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23010.975072                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 23010.975072                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23010.975072                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         9066                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             9066                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         9066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         9066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         9066                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9066                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    199551500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    199551500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    199551500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    199551500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    199551500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    199551500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.054472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.054472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.054472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 22010.975072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22010.975072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 22010.975072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22010.975072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 22010.975072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22010.975072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                      118905                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                       364                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                   19544                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                      80289                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                       71                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                          12                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                  10985                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                      199194                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                       435                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                           12                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                   30529                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                     122055                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                      335                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                 122390                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numPwrStateTransitions                 80                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           41                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean       144600500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   266778513.349932                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           41    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    972296000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             41                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     2797664500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   5928620500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                        17579002                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      40                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    5      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   62      3.29%      3.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.16%      3.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1577     83.75%     87.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                     62      3.29%     90.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.05%     90.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     111      5.89%     96.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  34      1.81%     98.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       6      0.32%     98.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                 21      1.12%     99.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.05%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                  1883                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      2691                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              173                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 86                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 86                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   86                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.497110                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.664093                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        8596464000     94.79%     94.79% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user           472068500      5.21%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      62                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     601     35.06%     35.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                     15      0.88%     35.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                      9      0.53%     36.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      0.18%     36.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   1086     63.36%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                1714                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      601     48.94%     48.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                      15      1.22%     50.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                       9      0.73%     50.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      0.24%     51.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     600     48.86%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 1228                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0              7999838000     91.02%     91.02% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21               14384500      0.16%     91.18% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                5957000      0.07%     91.25% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                4333000      0.05%     91.30% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              764988500      8.70%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total          8789501000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.552486                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.716453                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     593677                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                       593677                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses               570879                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1905                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      19859                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts        58584                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                      570879                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                         1905                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads             782948                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            424273                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                 936                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                881                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       200393                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     119818                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                     80575                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              11943138.647474                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              5635863.352526                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.320602                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.679398                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                            84745                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                 9400      1.58%      1.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                   363571     61.19%     62.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                     968      0.16%     62.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     62.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                    307      0.05%     62.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     62.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     11      0.00%     62.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     62.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     62.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                     18      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  123368     20.76%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                  80253     13.51%     97.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                764      0.13%     97.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite               805      0.14%     97.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                 14659      2.47%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                    594124                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            28942                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1658.955478                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             174140                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            30229                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs             5.760693                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data  1658.955478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.810037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.810037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1287                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1283                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.628418                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           229676                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          229676                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data       102253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         102253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data        62552                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         62552                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data         1746                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1746                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data         2116                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2116                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data       164805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          164805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data       164805                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         164805                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data        14781                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14781                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data        15379                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        15379                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data          553                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          553                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data          169                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          169                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data        30160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         30160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data        30160                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        30160                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    335770000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    335770000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    576322000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    576322000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      8278000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      8278000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       766000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       766000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data    912092000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    912092000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data    912092000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    912092000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data       117034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data        77931                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77931                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data         2299                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2299                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data         2285                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2285                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data       194965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       194965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data       194965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       194965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.126297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.126297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.197341                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.197341                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.240539                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.240539                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.073961                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.073961                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.154694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.154694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.154694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.154694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 22716.325012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22716.325012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 37474.608232                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37474.608232                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14969.258590                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14969.258590                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  4532.544379                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4532.544379                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 30241.777188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30241.777188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 30241.777188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30241.777188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        21359                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            21359                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        14781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        15379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        15379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          553                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          553                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          169                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          169                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        30160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        30160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        30160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data          286                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          286                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    320989000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    320989000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    560943000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    560943000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      7725000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7725000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       597000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       597000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    881932000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    881932000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    881932000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    881932000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     22048000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     22048000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     22048000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     22048000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.126297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.197341                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.197341                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.240539                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.240539                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.073961                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073961                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.154694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.154694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.154694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.154694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 21716.325012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21716.325012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 36474.608232                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36474.608232                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 13969.258590                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13969.258590                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  3532.544379                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3532.544379                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 29241.777188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29241.777188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 29241.777188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29241.777188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 182214.876033                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 182214.876033                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 77090.909091                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 77090.909091                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            58370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.997946                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs             540663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            58882                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs             9.182144                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   511.997946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1246621                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses         1246621                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst       535751                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         535751                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst       535751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          535751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst       535751                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         535751                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst        58373                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        58373                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst        58373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         58373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst        58373                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        58373                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1117721000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1117721000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1117721000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1117721000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1117721000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1117721000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       594124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       594124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst       594124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       594124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst       594124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       594124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.098251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.098251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.098251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.098251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.098251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.098251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 19147.910849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19147.910849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 19147.910849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19147.910849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 19147.910849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19147.910849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks        58370                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total            58370                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        58373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        58373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        58373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1059348000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1059348000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1059348000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1059348000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1059348000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1059348000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.098251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.098251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.098251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 18147.910849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18147.910849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 18147.910849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18147.910849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 18147.910849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18147.910849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                       72626                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                       343                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                           12                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                    2056                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                      45869                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                       38                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           9                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                   1460                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                      118495                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                       381                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                           21                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                    3516                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                      31558                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                      130                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                  31688                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numPwrStateTransitions                 74                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           38                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    184286421.052632                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   335252207.408528                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           38    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    972937500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             38                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     1723401000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   7002884000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                        17579180                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      37                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.40%      0.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   69      6.82%      7.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.49%      7.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  788     77.87%     85.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                     49      4.84%     90.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.10%     90.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                      85      8.40%     98.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      0.89%     99.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.20%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                  1012                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1559                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              154                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 69                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 69                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   69                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.448052                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.618834                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        9080112500     99.61%     99.61% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            36002500      0.39%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      69                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     365     41.10%     41.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                      9      1.01%     42.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      7      0.79%     42.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    507     57.09%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 888                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      364     49.26%     49.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                       9      1.22%     50.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       7      0.95%     51.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     359     48.58%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  739                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0              8419504500     95.79%     95.79% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                5630500      0.06%     95.85% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                9436500      0.11%     95.96% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31              355018500      4.04%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total          8789590000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.997260                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.708087                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.832207                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     365724                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                       365724                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses               353620                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                   909                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      10664                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts        44594                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                      353620                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                          909                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads             473985                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes            258414                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                 419                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                429                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                       119738                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                      73596                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                     46142                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              14107373.109931                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              3471806.890069                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.197495                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.802505                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                            58677                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                 4489      1.23%      1.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                   228539     62.42%     63.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                     699      0.19%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                    114      0.03%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      3      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                   76092     20.78%     84.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                  45822     12.52%     97.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                403      0.11%     97.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite               389      0.11%     97.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                  9576      2.62%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                    366126                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements            16178                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1896.815728                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             107512                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            18130                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             5.930061                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data  1896.815728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.926180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.926180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1952                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1949                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.953125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           136405                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          136405                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data        63056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          63056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data        36001                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         36001                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data         1017                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1017                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data         1276                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1276                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data        99057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           99057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data        99057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          99057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data         8794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data         8534                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         8534                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data          342                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          342                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data        17328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         17328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data        17328                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        17328                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    205004000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    205004000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    532019500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    532019500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      5599500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      5599500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       352500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       352500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data    737023500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    737023500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data    737023500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    737023500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data        71850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        71850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data        44535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        44535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data         1359                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1359                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data         1352                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1352                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data       116385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       116385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data       116385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       116385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.122394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.122394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.191625                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.191625                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.251656                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.251656                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.056213                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.056213                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.148885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.148885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.148885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.148885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 23311.803502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23311.803502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 62341.164753                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62341.164753                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16372.807018                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16372.807018                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  4638.157895                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4638.157895                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 42533.673823                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42533.673823                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 42533.673823                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42533.673823                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12062                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total            12062                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         8794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         8534                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8534                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          342                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          342                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        17328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        17328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        17328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data          123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data          155                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          155                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    196210000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    196210000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    523485500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    523485500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      5257500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5257500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       276500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       276500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    719695500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    719695500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    719695500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    719695500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      5420000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      5420000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      5420000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      5420000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.122394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.191625                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.191625                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.251656                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251656                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.056213                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056213                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.148885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.148885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 22311.803502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22311.803502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 61341.164753                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61341.164753                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15372.807018                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15372.807018                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  3638.157895                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3638.157895                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 41533.673823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41533.673823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 41533.673823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41533.673823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       169375                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       169375                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 34967.741935                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 34967.741935                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements            29702                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             341929                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs            30214                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            11.316906                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           761954                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          761954                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst       336424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         336424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst       336424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          336424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst       336424                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         336424                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst        29702                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        29702                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst        29702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total         29702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst        29702                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total        29702                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    514881500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    514881500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    514881500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    514881500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    514881500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    514881500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst       366126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       366126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst       366126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       366126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst       366126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       366126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.081125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.081125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.081125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.081125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.081125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.081125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 17334.910107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17334.910107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 17334.910107                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17334.910107                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 17334.910107                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17334.910107                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks        29702                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total            29702                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst        29702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst        29702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        29702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst        29702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    485179500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    485179500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    485179500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    485179500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    485179500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    485179500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.081125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.081125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.081125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 16334.910107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16334.910107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 16334.910107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16334.910107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 16334.910107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16334.910107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  87                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   724992                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         90                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  620                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 620                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               45796                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              45796                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        90686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        90686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   92832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          572                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          405                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         2021                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       725240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       725240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   727261                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy               230000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                22000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               31500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              920000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy              637500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           101114048                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1662000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            45374000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                45343                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      64                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                45407                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           64                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               408087                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              408087                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        45343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             45343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        45343                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            45343                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      3688485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3688485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5244576563                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   5244576563                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5248265048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   5248265048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5248265048                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   5248265048                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        45343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           45343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        45343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          45343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 118983.387097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118983.387097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115743.656493                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115743.656493                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115745.871424                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115745.871424                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115745.871424                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115745.871424                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         46792                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 9113                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     5.134643                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           45312                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                45312                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        45343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        45343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      2138485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2138485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2976811342                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2976811342                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2978949827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2978949827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2978949827                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2978949827                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 68983.387097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68983.387097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65695.871778                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65695.871778                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65698.119379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65698.119379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65698.119379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65698.119379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     53903                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 64340.053550                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     5070214                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    118061                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     42.945715                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2651.725444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      4476.290176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     22518.341160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      2386.255933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data      6708.042276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst      5386.335567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     13359.442075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst      1506.586696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data      5347.034223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.040462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.068303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.343603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.036411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.102357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.082189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.203849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.022989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.081589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.981751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         64158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          809                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7943                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        32171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        23214                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.978973                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   1879322                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  1879322                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        83560                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            83560                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       111629                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           111629                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               42                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data               10                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data               47                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data               85                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  184                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data              5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data             21620                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data               325                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data              8834                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data              2111                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 32890                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst          33551                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst           7901                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst          53788                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst          28082                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             123322                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         13101                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data          3621                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data         10093                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data          6757                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             33572                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                33551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                34721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                 7901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data                 3946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                53788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data                18927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                28082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data                 8868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   189784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst               33551                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               34721                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                7901                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data                3946                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst               53788                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data               18927                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst               28082                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data                8868                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  189784                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data              6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data              2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data              5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 18                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total                3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           13730                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data            3633                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data            5366                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data            5897                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               28626                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         4762                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1164                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst         4584                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst         1620                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            12130                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         7904                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data          509                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data         2088                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data         1274                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           11775                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               4762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              21634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               1164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data               4142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst               4584                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data               7454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst               1620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data               7171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  52531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              4762                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             21634                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              1164                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data              4142                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst              4584                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data              7454                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst              1620                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data              7171                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 52531                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        58000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        60000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        58000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       176000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        29500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        29500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1118071500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    303726000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    442731500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    486643500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2351172500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    408828500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    100391500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    396473000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    140124000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   1045817000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    680732000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     48435000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    192682000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    113321500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1035170500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    408828500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1798803500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    100391500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    352161000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    396473000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data    635413500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    140124000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data    599965000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4432160000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    408828500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1798803500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    100391500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    352161000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    396473000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data    635413500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    140124000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data    599965000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4432160000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        83560                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        83560                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       111629                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       111629                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           47                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           49                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data           90                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              202                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             31                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         35350                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data          3958                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data         14200                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data          8008                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             61516                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        38313                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         9065                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst        58372                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst        29702                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         135452                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        21005                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data         4130                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        12181                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data         8031                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         45347                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst            38313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            56355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             9065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data             8088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst            58372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data            26381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst            29702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data            16039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               242315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst           38313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           56355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            9065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data            8088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst           58372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data           26381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst           29702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data           16039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              242315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.106383                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.040816                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.055556                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.089109                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.083333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.096774                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.388402                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.917888                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.377887                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.736389                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.465342                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.124292                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.128406                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.078531                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.054542                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.089552                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.376291                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.123245                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.171414                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.158635                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.259664                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.124292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.383888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.128406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.512117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.078531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.282552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.054542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.447098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.216788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.124292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.383888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.128406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.512117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.078531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.282552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.054542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.447098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.216788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  9666.666667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        30000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        11600                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9777.777778                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        29500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9833.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81432.738529                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 83601.981833                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 82506.802087                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 82523.910463                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82134.161252                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85852.267955                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 86246.993127                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 86490.619546                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 86496.296296                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86217.394889                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        86125                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 95157.170923                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 92280.651341                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 88949.372057                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87912.569002                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85852.267955                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83147.060183                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 86246.993127                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 85021.970063                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 86490.619546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 85244.633754                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 86496.296296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 83665.458095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84372.275418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85852.267955                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83147.060183                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 86246.993127                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 85021.970063                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 86490.619546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 85244.633754                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 86496.296296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 83665.458095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84372.275418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                29091                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     29091                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           17                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total            27                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data               3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst               3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst               5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst               2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst              2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 31                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          355                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           355                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            18                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        13730                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3633                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         5366                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         5897                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          28626                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         4745                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1161                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4579                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1618                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        12103                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7901                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          508                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         2088                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         1274                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        11771                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          4745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         21631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          1161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          4141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          4579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          7454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          1618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          7171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             52500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         4745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        21631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         7454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         7171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            52500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data          123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          484                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data          603                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data           29                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data          286                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data          155                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1073                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        93500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       118000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        40000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        97500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       349000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        39000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        58500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    980771500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    267396000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    389071500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    427673500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2064912500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    359738000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     88019500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    350004000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    123374500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    921136000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    601500500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     43185500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    171802000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    100581500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    917069500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    359738000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1582272000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     88019500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    310581500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    350004000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    560873500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    123374500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    528255000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3903118000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    359738000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1582272000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     88019500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    310581500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    350004000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    560873500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    123374500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    528255000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3903118000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     98264500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       626000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     20533500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      5020000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    124444000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     98264500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       626000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     20533500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      5020000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    124444000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.106383                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.040816                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.055556                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.089109                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096774                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.388402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.917888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.377887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.736389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.465342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.123848                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.128075                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.078445                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.054474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.089353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.376149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.123002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.171414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.158635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.259576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.123848                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.383835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.128075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.511993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.078445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.282552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.054474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.447098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.216660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.123848                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.383835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.128075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.511993                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.078445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.282552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.054474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.447098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.216660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        18700                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19666.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        20000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19388.888889                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        19500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71432.738529                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 73601.981833                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 72506.802087                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 72523.910463                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72134.161252                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75814.120126                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 75813.522825                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 76436.776589                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 76251.236094                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76108.072379                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76129.667131                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 85010.826772                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 82280.651341                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 78949.372057                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77909.226064                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75814.120126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73148.351902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 75813.522825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75001.569669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 76436.776589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 75244.633754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 76251.236094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 73665.458095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74345.104762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75814.120126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73148.351902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 75813.522825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75001.569669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 76436.776589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 75244.633754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 76251.236094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 73665.458095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74345.104762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227464.120370                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       156500                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 169698.347107                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       156875                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 211280.135823                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 162959.369818                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 21586.206897                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 71795.454545                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 32387.096774                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 115977.632805                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        195461                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       100811                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           31                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 589                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              24494                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                484                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               484                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        74403                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            21788                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1354                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            315                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             28384                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            28313                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         23905                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         45312                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         2577                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        90686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        90686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       156962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       159108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 249794                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2021                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1300448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1302469                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2027461                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             4014                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                        496                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            100343                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.025991                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.159109                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   97735     97.40%     97.40% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    2608      2.60%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              100343                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             1841000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           268862180                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            2787346                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy          120919500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       499890                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       234086                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        55432                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           4511                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3992                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          519                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                589                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            188780                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               484                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              484                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       112651                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       135453                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           53458                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1225                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           343                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1568                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            62497                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           62497                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        135458                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        52739                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         2577                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       114945                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       174591                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        27197                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        26428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       175115                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        86850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        89106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        50377                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                744609                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1226048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1605404                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       290096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       228804                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1867872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       764909                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       950464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       450072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                7383669                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           66219                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    599424                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           309815                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.231296                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.630413                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 263632     85.09%     85.09% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  29248      9.44%     94.53% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                   8398      2.71%     97.24% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                   8533      2.75%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      4      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             309815                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          360230000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy            30988                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          38347936                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          59197903                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy           9089951                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy           9381420                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy          58425391                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy          30747919                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy          29737428                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy          17670900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8726285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
