
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.460081                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2460081346500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2460081346500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 249526                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   249526                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5474056331                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750696                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   449.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   112138890                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     112138890                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         735776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       21559936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst          18944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data         330624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         642976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data        3573728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst         240992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data        1020384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::tsunami.ide         4032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           28127392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       735776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        18944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       642976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst       240992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1638688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     21483136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        21483136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst           22993                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          673748                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst             592                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data           10332                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst           20093                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data          111679                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst            7531                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data           31887                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::tsunami.ide           126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              878981                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        671348                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             671348                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            299086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data           8763912                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst              7701                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data            134396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst            261364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data           1452687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst             97961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data            414777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::tsunami.ide            1639                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              11433521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       299086                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         7701                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst       261364                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst        97961                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           666111                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         8732693                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              8732693                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         8732693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           299086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data          8763912                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst             7701                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data           134396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst           261364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data          1452687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst            97961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data           414777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::tsunami.ide           1639                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             20166214                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      878981                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     671348                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    878981                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   671348                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               56230336                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   24448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                32105280                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                28127392                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             21483136                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    382                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                169675                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             52070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             55514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             53290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             54906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             52495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             56221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             56850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             59432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             53862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             55775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            52777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            57034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            52566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            54772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            53487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            57548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             31187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             32851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             32227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             32437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             29004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             32349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             31153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             33933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             28295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             31269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            29667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            32194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            29123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            31351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            31296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            33309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                        61                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2460081185500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                878981                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5               671348                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  876251                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    2102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                      21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                      23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   6559                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   7769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  29948                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  29752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  29579                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  30061                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  30103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  30302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  31531                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  30393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  30329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  31217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  30084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  30147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  30021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  29853                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  29455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  29365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    337                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                    223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                    227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                    224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                    214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                    213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                    191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                    168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                    141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                    144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                    150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                    117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                    133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                    124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                    138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                    115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                    100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                     87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                     79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                     77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                     88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                    173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                    148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                     88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                     73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       258701                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    341.457111                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   189.294763                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   365.447847                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       100211     38.74%     38.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        57842     22.36%     61.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        19797      7.65%     68.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        11693      4.52%     73.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7503      2.90%     76.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         7036      2.72%     78.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         5758      2.23%     81.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         5175      2.00%     83.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        43686     16.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       258701                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        29127                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      30.163285                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    488.440231                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047        29123     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20480-22527            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::47104-49151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::63488-65535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         29127                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        29127                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.222680                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.891692                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      5.020037                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         22504     77.26%     77.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19          5418     18.60%     95.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            53      0.18%     96.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            11      0.04%     96.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            18      0.06%     96.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           378      1.30%     97.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            47      0.16%     97.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            11      0.04%     97.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           235      0.81%     98.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            43      0.15%     98.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            49      0.17%     98.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            23      0.08%     98.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           176      0.60%     99.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            13      0.04%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-45             9      0.03%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46-47             7      0.02%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            14      0.05%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::50-51             6      0.02%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-53             4      0.01%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            11      0.04%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-57             3      0.01%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::58-59             5      0.02%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::60-61             3      0.01%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::62-63             2      0.01%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-65             3      0.01%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::66-67             7      0.02%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            10      0.03%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::70-71             4      0.01%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::72-73             1      0.00%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::74-75             6      0.02%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::76-77             2      0.01%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::78-79             8      0.03%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::80-81             8      0.03%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::82-83             2      0.01%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::84-85             1      0.00%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::88-89             4      0.01%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::90-91             3      0.01%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::92-93             8      0.03%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::94-95             7      0.02%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::96-97             1      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::98-99             2      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::102-103            2      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::110-111            2      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::112-113            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::122-123            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         29127                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  15026507526                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             31500238776                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 4392995000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     17102.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                35852.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        22.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        13.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     11.43                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      8.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.71                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   769342                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  352199                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 87.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                70.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1586812.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    81.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                940687860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                499979865                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              3147154920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1331836020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         15517816080.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          19055283540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy            829929120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     34900655970                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     18126168480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     552374223660                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           646727699985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            262.888746                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2416123029000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1359926250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    6588610000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 2292383312750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  47203726250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   36009656500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  76536114750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                906451560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                481790430                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              3126041940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1286750880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         15437298240.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          19070869050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy            808340640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     34374758010                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     18274151040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     552546141180                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           646317679320                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            262.722076                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2416138736491                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1317969250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    6554478000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 2293170738000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  47588942500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   36066301009                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  75382917741                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    11618358                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      2643                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  208897                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5706503                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      389                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                          34                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                  91736                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    17324861                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                      3032                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                           34                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  300633                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    2389316                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                     1106                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                2390422                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions              14090                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         7045                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    321953476.153300                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   450564443.741278                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         7045    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value         1500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2000000000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           7045                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   191919107000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2268162239500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                      4920162693                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    7045                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                 1082      0.84%      0.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 2061      1.59%      2.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       9      0.01%      2.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      2.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               117001     90.38%     92.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   5231      4.04%     96.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     96.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     4      0.00%     96.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     4      0.00%     96.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     96.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    3875      2.99%     99.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 131      0.10%     99.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                      44      0.03%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                129456                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    136873                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5786                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                471                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                470                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                  471                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.081231                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.150392                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      2457518525000     99.90%     99.90% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          2561493500      0.10%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    2062                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   47475     38.25%     38.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     11      0.01%     38.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   2479      2.00%     40.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    753      0.61%     40.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  73402     59.14%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              124120                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    47302     48.72%     48.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      11      0.01%     48.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    2479      2.55%     51.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     753      0.78%     52.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   46549     47.94%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                97094                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2385780076000     96.98%     96.98% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                9518000      0.00%     96.98% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1318504000      0.05%     97.03% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30              815042500      0.03%     97.07% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            72156880000      2.93%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2460080020500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.996356                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.634165                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.782259                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   68323747                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     68323747                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             66013674                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                229774                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    2230474                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      9089912                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    66013674                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       229774                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           89679386                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          50289032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               77695                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              79180                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     17349987                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   11632562                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5717425                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              4536324478.998156                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              383838214.001844                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.078013                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.921987                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         11736682                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              1397325      2.05%      2.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 48405250     70.84%     72.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  151858      0.22%     73.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  93861      0.14%     73.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     73.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     73.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     73.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     73.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                   1738      0.00%     73.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     73.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     73.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     73.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     73.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     73.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     73.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     73.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     73.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     73.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     73.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     73.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     73.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     73.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     73.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     73.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     73.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     73.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     73.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     73.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     73.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     73.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     73.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                11886279     17.40%     90.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                5669162      8.30%     98.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead              68701      0.10%     99.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite             65474      0.10%     99.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                587165      0.86%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  68326813                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          2320435                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1015.811019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           14947649                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          2320435                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.441744                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        168203500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  1015.811019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.992003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          784                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        556855562                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       556855562                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      9621344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        9621344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      4881671                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4881671                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       210862                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       210862                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       213932                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       213932                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     14503015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        14503015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     14503015                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       14503015                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      1776990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1776990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       595544                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       595544                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data        15505                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        15505                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data        12119                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        12119                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      2372534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2372534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      2372534                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2372534                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  42706722000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42706722000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  37572273000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  37572273000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    154797500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    154797500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     61707500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     61707500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  80278995000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80278995000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  80278995000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80278995000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     11398334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11398334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5477215                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5477215                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       226367                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       226367                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       226051                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       226051                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     16875549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16875549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     16875549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16875549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.155899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.155899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.108731                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.108731                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.068495                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.068495                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.053612                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.053612                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.140590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.140590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.140590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.140590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24033.180828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24033.180828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 63088.995943                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63088.995943                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  9983.714931                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9983.714931                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5091.798003                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5091.798003                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33836.815405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33836.815405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33836.815405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33836.815405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1951364                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          1951364                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1776990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1776990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       595544                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       595544                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        15505                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        15505                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        12119                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        12119                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      2372534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2372534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      2372534                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2372534                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         5218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         9861                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9861                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        15079                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15079                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  40929732000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40929732000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  36976729000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36976729000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    139292500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    139292500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     49588500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49588500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  77906461000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  77906461000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  77906461000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  77906461000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1188699500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1188699500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1188699500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1188699500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.155899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.155899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.108731                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.108731                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.068495                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.068495                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.053612                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053612                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.140590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.140590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.140590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.140590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 23033.180828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23033.180828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62088.995943                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62088.995943                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  8983.714931                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8983.714931                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  4091.798003                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4091.798003                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32836.815405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32836.815405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32836.815405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32836.815405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227807.493292                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227807.493292                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 78831.454340                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 78831.454340                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements          1854507                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.957092                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           66461155                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1854507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            35.837640                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       1400415500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   255.957092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        138508429                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       138508429                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     66472013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       66472013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     66472013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        66472013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     66472013                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       66472013                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst      1854801                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1854801                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst      1854801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       1854801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst      1854801                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      1854801                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  26464729500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26464729500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  26464729500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  26464729500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  26464729500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  26464729500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     68326814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     68326814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     68326814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     68326814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     68326814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     68326814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.027146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.027146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.027146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14268.231201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14268.231201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14268.231201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14268.231201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14268.231201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14268.231201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1854507                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total          1854507                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      1854801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1854801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      1854801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1854801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      1854801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1854801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  24609928500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24609928500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  24609928500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24609928500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  24609928500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24609928500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.027146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.027146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.027146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13268.231201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13268.231201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13268.231201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13268.231201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13268.231201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13268.231201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                      982784                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                       620                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                           24                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                    3850                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                     555507                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                       64                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          15                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                   2119                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     1538291                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                       684                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           39                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                    5969                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                     587836                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      234                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                 588070                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numPwrStateTransitions               5893                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2947                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    831230033.423821                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   308863145.358513                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         2947    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value      1000000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    974072000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           2947                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    10446438000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2449634908500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                      4919927391                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    2947                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                   56      0.13%      0.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  231      0.54%      0.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       9      0.02%      0.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.02%      0.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                34881     81.33%     82.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   4895     11.41%     93.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     93.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.00%     93.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.01%     93.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    2762      6.44%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  35      0.08%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 42887                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     46432                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              320                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                143                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               2644                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                202                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  143                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                   59                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631250                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.022315                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.130029                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        2602280000      0.11%      0.11% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            68971000      0.00%      0.11% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        2448216540500     99.89%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     232                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   11011     27.37%     27.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   2447      6.08%     33.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    140      0.35%     33.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  26632     66.20%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               40230                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    10978     44.98%     44.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    2447     10.03%     55.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     140      0.57%     55.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   10840     44.42%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                24405                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2381703350000     96.82%     96.82% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1055617500      0.04%     96.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30              134925500      0.01%     96.87% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31            77069788500      3.13%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2459963681500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.997003                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.407029                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.606637                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    4504584                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      4504584                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              4305842                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                 10485                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     178257                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       354051                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     4305842                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                        10485                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads            5848970                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           3354249                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                5131                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               5256                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1543994                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                     985071                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    558923                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              4899035514.181502                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              20891876.818498                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.004246                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.995754                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           628719                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                31232      0.69%      0.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  2695968     59.84%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   15209      0.34%     60.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                    508      0.01%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                     11      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1001856     22.24%     83.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 554379     12.31%     95.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead               5051      0.11%     95.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite              4915      0.11%     95.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                196178      4.35%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   4505307                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements            16892                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          954.209766                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            1407162                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            16892                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            83.303457                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      79322156500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   954.209766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.931845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.931845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          693                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          652                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.676758                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         49230724                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        49230724                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data       950029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         950029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data       528320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        528320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        18680                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18680                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data         9451                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9451                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      1478349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         1478349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      1478349                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        1478349                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data        14760                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14760                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        13739                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        13739                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data          937                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          937                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data         1706                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1706                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data        28499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         28499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data        28499                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        28499                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    220862000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    220862000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    904409000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    904409000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      6991000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      6991000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     13687500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     13687500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        16000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        16000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1125271000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1125271000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1125271000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1125271000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data       964789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       964789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data       542059                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       542059                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        19617                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19617                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        11157                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        11157                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      1506848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1506848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      1506848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1506848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.015299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.047765                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.047765                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.152908                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.152908                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.018913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.018913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14963.550136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14963.550136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 65827.862290                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65827.862290                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7461.045891                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7461.045891                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  8023.153576                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8023.153576                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 39484.578406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39484.578406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 39484.578406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39484.578406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13053                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            13053                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        14760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        13739                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        13739                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          937                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          937                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1706                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         1706                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        28499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        28499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        28499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         2866                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         2866                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         2887                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         2887                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    206102000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    206102000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    890670000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    890670000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      6054000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6054000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     11984500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11984500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        13000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        13000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1096772000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1096772000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1096772000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1096772000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      5044000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      5044000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      5044000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      5044000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.015299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025346                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025346                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.047765                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047765                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.152908                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.152908                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.018913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.018913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13963.550136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13963.550136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 64827.862290                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64827.862290                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6461.045891                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6461.045891                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7024.912075                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7024.912075                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 38484.578406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38484.578406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 38484.578406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38484.578406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 240190.476190                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 240190.476190                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  1747.142362                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  1747.142362                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           206631                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          251.601723                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            4288722                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           206631                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            20.755463                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      71341664000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   251.601723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.982819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.982819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses          9217501                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses         9217501                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      4298420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        4298420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      4298420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         4298420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      4298420                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        4298420                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       206887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       206887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       206887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        206887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       206887                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       206887                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2799488500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2799488500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2799488500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2799488500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2799488500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2799488500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      4505307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4505307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      4505307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      4505307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      4505307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      4505307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.045921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.045921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.045921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.045921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.045921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.045921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13531.485787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13531.485787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13531.485787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13531.485787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13531.485787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13531.485787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks       206631                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total           206631                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       206887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       206887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       206887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       206887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       206887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       206887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2592601500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2592601500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2592601500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2592601500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2592601500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2592601500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.045921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.045921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.045921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12531.485787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12531.485787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12531.485787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12531.485787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12531.485787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12531.485787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     4978392                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                      5383                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                           14                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                  468216                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    3166454                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                      508                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                          74                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                 168989                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                     8144846                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                      5891                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                           88                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                  637205                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                    2955194                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                     2959                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           1                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                2958153                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numPwrStateTransitions              10579                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         5290                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    452162876.937618                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   456919810.965601                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         5290    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value         6500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    974016000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           5290                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    68139727500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2391941619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                      4919928394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                    5290                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                 1395      1.46%      1.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      1.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      1.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                 3602      3.77%      5.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                      20      0.02%      5.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      5.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                79143     82.77%     88.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   5446      5.70%     93.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     93.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     3      0.00%     93.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     5      0.01%     93.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.00%     93.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    5610      5.87%     99.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 261      0.27%     99.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                     115      0.12%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 95615                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    108654                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             8468                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                759                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                759                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  759                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.089632                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.164517                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      2452786500500     99.80%     99.80% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user          4880944000      0.20%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                    3603                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                   33434     37.63%     37.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                    103      0.12%     37.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                   2448      2.76%     40.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                   1550      1.74%     42.24% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  51317     57.76%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               88852                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                    32677     48.12%     48.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                     103      0.15%     48.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                    2448      3.60%     51.87% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                    1550      2.28%     54.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                   31132     45.84%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                67910                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2359707510500     95.92%     95.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21               79663000      0.00%     95.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1089704000      0.04%     95.97% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30             1502707000      0.06%     96.03% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31            97584598500      3.97%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2459964183000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.977358                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.606661                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.764305                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   25788569                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     25788569                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             25025325                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                296966                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     777770                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      2622186                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    25025325                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                       296966                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           34933038                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          18850531                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads              148256                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes             151552                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      8187509                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    5004275                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   3183234                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              4783655428.651317                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              136272965.348683                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.027698                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.972302                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          3678461                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               187088      0.73%      0.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 16661918     64.59%     65.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   49481      0.19%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  23212      0.09%     65.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     65.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     65.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     65.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     65.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                   1837      0.01%     65.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     65.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     65.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     65.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     65.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     65.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     65.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     65.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     65.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     65.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     65.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     65.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     65.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     65.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     65.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     65.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     65.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     65.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     65.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     65.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 4980517     19.31%     84.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                3107714     12.05%     96.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead             138526      0.54%     97.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite            133391      0.52%     98.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                510864      1.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  25794548                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           236244                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          912.785614                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            7757227                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           236244                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            32.835657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      74802196500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   912.785614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.891392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.891392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          775                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          773                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.756836                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        261713090                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       261713090                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      4747736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4747736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      2862981                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2862981                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data        57407                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        57407                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data        48307                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        48307                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      7610717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         7610717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      7610717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        7610717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       176279                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176279                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       237384                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       237384                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data        15692                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        15692                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data        20419                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        20419                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data       413663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        413663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data       413663                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       413663                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4389592500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4389592500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9196029000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9196029000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    122807500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    122807500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     96328000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     96328000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        23000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        23000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  13585621500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13585621500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  13585621500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13585621500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      4924015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4924015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      3100365                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3100365                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        73099                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        73099                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data        68726                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        68726                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      8024380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8024380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      8024380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8024380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.035800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.076566                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.076566                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.214668                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.214668                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.297107                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.297107                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.051551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.051551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.051551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.051551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24901.392111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24901.392111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 38739.043069                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38739.043069                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  7826.121591                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7826.121591                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  4717.566972                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4717.566972                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 32842.244774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32842.244774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 32842.244774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32842.244774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       168085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           168085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       176279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       176279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       237384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       237384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        15692                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        15692                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        20419                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        20419                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       413663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       413663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       413663                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       413663                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         1764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         7949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         9713                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         9713                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4213313500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4213313500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   8958645000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8958645000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    107115500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107115500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     75913000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75913000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        19000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        19000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  13171958500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13171958500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  13171958500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13171958500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    362673500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    362673500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    362673500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    362673500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.035800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.076566                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076566                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.214668                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.214668                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.297107                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297107                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.051551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.051551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 23901.392111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23901.392111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 37739.043069                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37739.043069                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  6826.121591                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6826.121591                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  3717.762868                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3717.762868                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 31842.244774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31842.244774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 31842.244774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31842.244774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 205597.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 205597.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 37338.978688                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 37338.978688                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements          1375274                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          251.567726                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           24414527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1375274                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            17.752482                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      71885439500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   251.567726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.982686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.982686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         52964723                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        52964723                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst     24418921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       24418921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst     24418921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        24418921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst     24418921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       24418921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst      1375627                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1375627                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst      1375627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total       1375627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst      1375627                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total      1375627                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  20011055000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20011055000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  20011055000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  20011055000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  20011055000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  20011055000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst     25794548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     25794548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst     25794548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     25794548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst     25794548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     25794548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.053330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.053330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.053330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.053330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.053330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14546.861177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14546.861177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14546.861177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14546.861177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14546.861177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14546.861177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1375274                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total          1375274                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst      1375627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1375627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst      1375627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1375627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst      1375627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1375627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  18635428000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18635428000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  18635428000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18635428000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  18635428000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18635428000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.053330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.053330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.053330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13546.861177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13546.861177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13546.861177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13546.861177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13546.861177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13546.861177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                     2732670                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                      3938                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                           60                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                  136966                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                    1786651                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                      367                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                          53                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                  62083                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                     4519321                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                      4305                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                          113                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                  199049                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                    1799781                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                     1828                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                1801609                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numPwrStateTransitions               7041                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         3521                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    688455461.090599                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   397631338.725672                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         3521    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    974038000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           3521                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    36029668000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2424051678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                      4919927790                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                    3521                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                  626      0.70%      0.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1754      1.95%      2.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                      26      0.03%      2.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      2.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                77850     86.68%     89.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   4954      5.52%     94.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     94.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%     94.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.00%     94.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                    4386      4.88%     99.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                 134      0.15%     99.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                      72      0.08%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 89818                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                     99231                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5527                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                601                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                601                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                  601                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.108739                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.196149                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      2456086841000     99.93%     99.93% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user          1780064500      0.07%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                    1755                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                   29595     34.65%     34.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                   2446      2.86%     37.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                    798      0.93%     38.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                  52563     61.55%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               85402                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                    28973     47.85%     47.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                    2446      4.04%     51.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                     798      1.32%     53.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                   28333     46.79%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                60550                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2369421402000     96.32%     96.32% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1095032500      0.04%     96.36% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30              724189500      0.03%     96.39% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31            88723257000      3.61%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2459963881000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.978983                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.539029                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.709000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   13521990                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     13521990                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             13016439                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                101587                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     534317                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1249598                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    13016439                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                       101587                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           17904890                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           9801514                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               50725                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              51867                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      4543737                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    2747611                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1796126                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              4847871894.324112                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              72055895.675888                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.014646                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.985354                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1988907                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                89654      0.66%      0.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  8300645     61.37%     62.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   28632      0.21%     62.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     62.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   7705      0.06%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                    611      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 2805817     20.74%     83.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1753207     12.96%     96.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead              47513      0.35%     96.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite             45758      0.34%     96.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                446866      3.30%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  13526408                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements           177265                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          986.332692                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            4261329                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           177265                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            24.039314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      74811411500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   986.332692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.963216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.963216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          970                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          968                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.947266                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        145204475                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       145204475                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data      2562329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2562329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data      1600040                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1600040                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data        47323                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        47323                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data        42732                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        42732                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data      4162369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total         4162369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data      4162369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total        4162369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data       120498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       120498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data       127085                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       127085                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data        13394                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        13394                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data        17304                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        17304                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data       247583                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        247583                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data       247583                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       247583                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2057816000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2057816000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2704848500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2704848500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     86560000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     86560000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     86016500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     86016500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        16000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        16000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4762664500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4762664500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4762664500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4762664500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data      2682827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2682827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data      1727125                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1727125                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data        60717                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        60717                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data        60036                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        60036                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data      4409952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4409952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data      4409952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4409952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.044915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.073582                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.073582                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.220597                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.220597                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.288227                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.288227                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.056142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.056142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17077.594649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17077.594649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 21283.774639                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21283.774639                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  6462.595192                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6462.595192                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  4970.902681                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4970.902681                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 19236.637814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19236.637814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 19236.637814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19236.637814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       134020                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           134020                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       120498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       120498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       127085                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       127085                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        13394                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        13394                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        17304                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        17304                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       247583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       247583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       247583                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       247583                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data         4157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         4157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data         4226                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         4226                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1937318000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1937318000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2577763500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2577763500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     73166000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73166000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     68715500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68715500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        13000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        13000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4515081500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4515081500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4515081500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4515081500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     13724000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     13724000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     13724000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     13724000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.044915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.073582                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073582                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.220597                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.220597                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.288227                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.288227                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.056142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.056142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16077.594649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16077.594649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20283.774639                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20283.774639                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  5462.595192                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5462.595192                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  3971.076052                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3971.076052                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 18236.637814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18236.637814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 18236.637814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18236.637814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 198898.550725                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 198898.550725                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data  3247.515381                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  3247.515381                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements           942977                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          251.533267                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           12578834                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs           942977                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            13.339492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      73377818500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   251.533267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.982552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.982552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          218                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         27996105                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        27996105                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst     12583119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       12583119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst     12583119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        12583119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst     12583119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       12583119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst       943289                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       943289                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst       943289                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total        943289                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst       943289                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total       943289                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  13247668000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13247668000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  13247668000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  13247668000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  13247668000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  13247668000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst     13526408                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13526408                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst     13526408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     13526408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst     13526408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     13526408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.069737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.069737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.069737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.069737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.069737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14044.124335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14044.124335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14044.124335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14044.124335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14044.124335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14044.124335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks       942977                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total           942977                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst       943289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       943289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst       943289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       943289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst       943289                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       943289                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  12304379000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12304379000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  12304379000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12304379000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  12304379000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12304379000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.069737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.069737                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069737                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.069737                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069737                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13044.124335                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13044.124335                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13044.124335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13044.124335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13044.124335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13044.124335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 326                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2836480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        368                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7348                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7348                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              113729                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             113729                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        32930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        19978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         3638                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        63810                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       178344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       178344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  242154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio       131720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2063                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          169                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9989                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio        14532                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3827                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       162542                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2849952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2849952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  3012494                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             35767500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               631500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                19500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                19500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy               19000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy               18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              173000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            17399000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             3611000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5243500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy               76000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           283291631                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            38977000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            89576000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                89140                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.609482                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                89140                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         2413225950000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.609482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.019046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.019046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               802548                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              802548                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        89172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             89172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        89172                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            89172                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     44554823                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     44554823                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10475597808                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total  10475597808                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10520152631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  10520152631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10520152631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  10520152631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        89172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           89172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        89172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          89172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 161430.518116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161430.518116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117841.048056                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117841.048056                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117975.963655                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117975.963655                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117975.963655                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117975.963655                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         36706                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                18978                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     1.934134                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           88864                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                88864                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        89172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        89172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     30754823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30754823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   6027598322                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6027598322                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   6058353145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6058353145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   6058353145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6058353145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 111430.518116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111430.518116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67805.056718                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67805.056718                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67940.083715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67940.083715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67940.083715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67940.083715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    851147                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32698.170446                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     7861835                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    851147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      9.236753                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               11468068000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      631.572861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      4106.259342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     15582.566717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst        50.777936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data       277.047151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst       109.026391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data      9764.903908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst       548.272454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data      1627.743687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.019274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.125313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.475542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.001550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.008455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.003327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.298001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.016732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.049675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.997869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          863                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7804                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        19274                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4815                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 813869280                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                813869280                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2266522                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2266522                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      2938487                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          2938487                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             7010                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              904                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data             6892                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data             4523                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                19329                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data           1310                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            683                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data           1435                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data           1669                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               5097                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            150444                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data               848                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            113054                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data             17382                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                281728                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst        1831786                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst         206228                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst        1355471                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst         935696                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            4329181                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       1468850                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data          5786                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data         92262                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data         45065                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1611963                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              1831786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data              1619294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst               206228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data                 6634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              1355471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data               205316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst               935696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data                62447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  6222872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             1831786                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data             1619294                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst              206228                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data                6634                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             1355471                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data              205316                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst              935696                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data               62447                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 6222872                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             50                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data             74                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data             80                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data             38                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                242                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total                3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          401108                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data            9191                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data           80279                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data           21500                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              512078                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst        23010                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst          657                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst        20128                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst         7558                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            51353                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       272742                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data         1147                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data        31929                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data        10626                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          316444                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              23010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             673850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst                657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data              10338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              20128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data             112208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst               7558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data              32126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 879875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             23010                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            673850                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst               657                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data             10338                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             20128                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data            112208                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst              7558                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data             32126                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                879875                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       118000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       118000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1065500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       881000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      2182500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        59000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        59000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34361481500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    844246000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7275801500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2025646000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   44507175000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2067792000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     57609000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1808495000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    662083500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   4595979500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  22804806500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    111887500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2941489000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1207297000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  27065480000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2067792000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  57166288000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     57609000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    956133500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1808495000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  10217290500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    662083500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   3232943000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      76168634500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2067792000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  57166288000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     57609000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    956133500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1808495000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  10217290500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    662083500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   3232943000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     76168634500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2266522                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2266522                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      2938487                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      2938487                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         7060                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          978                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data         6972                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data         4561                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            19571                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1310                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          684                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data         1437                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data         1669                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           5100                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        551552                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data         10039                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        193333                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data         38882                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            793806                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1854796                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       206885                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      1375599                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst       943254                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        4380534                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1741592                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data         6933                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       124191                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data        55691                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1928407                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          1854796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          2293144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst           206885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data            16972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          1375599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data           317524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst           943254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data            94573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              7102747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         1854796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         2293144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst          206885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data           16972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         1375599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data          317524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst          943254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data           94573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             7102747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007082                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.075665                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.011474                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.008332                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.012365                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.001462                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.001392                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.000588                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.727235                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.915529                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.415237                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.552955                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.645092                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012406                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.003176                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014632                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.008013                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.011723                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.156605                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.165441                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.257096                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.190803                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.164096                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.012406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.293854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.003176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.609121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.014632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.353384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.008013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.339695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.123878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.012406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.293854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.003176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.609121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.014632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.353384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.008013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.339695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.123878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data         2360                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  1594.594595                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 13318.750000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 23184.210526                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9018.595041                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        29500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19666.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85666.407800                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 91855.728430                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 90631.441597                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 94216.093023                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86914.835240                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 89864.928292                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 87684.931507                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 89849.711844                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 87600.357237                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89497.780071                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83613.108725                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 97547.951177                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 92125.935670                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 113617.259552                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85530.077992                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 89864.928292                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84835.331305                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 87684.931507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 92487.279938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 89849.711844                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 91056.702731                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 87600.357237                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 100633.225425                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86567.563006                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 89864.928292                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84835.331305                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 87684.931507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 92487.279938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 89849.711844                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 91056.702731                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 87600.357237                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 100633.225425                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86567.563006                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               582484                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    582484                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           17                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           65                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           35                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           27                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total           144                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              65                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data               5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data               3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst              27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data               2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             65                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data              5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             35                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data              3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data              2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                154                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          924                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           924                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           50                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           74                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           80                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           38                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           242                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       401108                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         9191                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        80279                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        21500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         512078                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        22993                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          592                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        20093                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         7531                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        51209                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       272742                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1142                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        31926                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        10624                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       316434                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         22993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        673850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         10333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         20093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        112205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          7531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         32124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            879721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        22993                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       673850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        10333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        20093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       112205                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         7531                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        32124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           879721                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         5218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         9861                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         2866                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         7949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data         4157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        24833                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        15079                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         2887                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         9713                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data         4226                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        31905                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       994000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1464000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1552000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       742000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4752000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        19500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        39000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        58500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  30350401500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    752336000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6473011500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1810646000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39386395000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1836632000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     47029000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1604536000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    584290001                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4072487001                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20077386500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    100061000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2621506000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1100895500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23899849000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1836632000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  50427788000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     47029000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    852397000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1604536000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9094517500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    584290001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2911541500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  67358731001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1836632000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  50427788000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     47029000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    852397000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1604536000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9094517500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    584290001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2911541500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  67358731001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1123473000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      4780500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    340620000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     12861500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1481735000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1123473000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      4780500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    340620000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     12861500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1481735000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007082                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.075665                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.011474                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.008332                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012365                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.001462                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.001392                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000588                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.727235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.915529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.415237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.552955                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.645092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012397                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.007984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.156605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.164719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.257072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.190767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.164091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.293854                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002861                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.608826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.353375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.007984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.339674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.123856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.293854                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002861                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.608826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.353375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.007984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.339674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.123856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19880                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19783.783784                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        19400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 19526.315789                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19636.363636                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        19500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        19500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75666.407800                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 81855.728430                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 80631.441597                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 84216.093023                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76914.835240                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79877.875875                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 79440.878378                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 79855.472055                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 77584.650246                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79526.782421                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73613.108725                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 87619.089317                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 82111.946376                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 103623.446913                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75528.701088                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79877.875875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74835.331305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 79440.878378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 82492.693313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 79855.472055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 81052.693730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 77584.650246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 90634.463330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76568.288129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79877.875875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74835.331305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 79440.878378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 82492.693313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 79855.472055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 81052.693730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 77584.650246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 90634.463330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76568.288129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 215307.205826                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 227642.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 193095.238095                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 186398.550725                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 209521.351810                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 74505.802772                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  1655.871147                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 35068.464944                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data  3043.421675                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 46442.093716                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       2033101                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1068464                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          633                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7072                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             374991                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              24833                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             24833                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       671348                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           260178                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            85263                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          46441                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            512995                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           511420                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        367919                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         88896                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         3078                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       178438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       178438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        63810                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2733583                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      2797393                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2975831                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2847680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2847680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       162542                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     46762848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     46925390                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                49773070                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                           135812                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                      11456                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1133419                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.003274                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.057127                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1129708     99.67%     99.67% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    3711      0.33%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1133419                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            62977500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          3245828662                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            4142981                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         2923309270                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     14670184                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      6425587                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      2685110                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          11804                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        10868                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          936                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               7072                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           6521880                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             24833                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            24833                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2849006                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      4379389                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          752977                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          103934                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         51538                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         155472                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           10                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp           10                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           869818                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          869818                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       4380604                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2134208                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         3350                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          129                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5564104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7052269                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       620403                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        72442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4126500                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1031634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2829520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       564818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              21861690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    118697696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    135879525                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     13232512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       983672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     88027936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15595829                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     60359392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7347804                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              440124366                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1267469                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  27659936                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          8426514                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.408884                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.837595                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                6436085     76.38%     76.38% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                1017783     12.08%     88.46% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 490350      5.82%     94.28% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 482220      5.72%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                     68      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      6      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            8426514                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        10686421490                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           264897                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1858025520                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        2391176218                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy         209023195                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy          30489390                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy        1378874418                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy         428549180                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy         947002504                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy         252454076                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460081346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.005973                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  5973118000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2466054464500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               15742605                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 15742575                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              824911255                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 752744                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   113990561                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     113990561                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          73664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         443360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst          29792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data          72128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst          83296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data         127296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst           6880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data          65952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             902368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        73664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        29792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst        83296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst         6880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        193632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1217440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1217440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst            2302                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           13855                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst             931                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data            2254                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst            2603                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data            3978                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst             215                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data            2061                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               28199                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         38045                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              38045                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst          12332587                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          74225890                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst           4987680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data          12075435                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst          13945146                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data          21311483                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst           1151827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data          11041469                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             151071517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst     12332587                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst      4987680                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst     13945146                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst      1151827                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         32417240                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       203819848                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            203819848                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       203819848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst         12332587                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         74225890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst          4987680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data         12075435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst         13945146                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data         21311483                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst          1151827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data         11041469                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            354891365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       28199                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      38045                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     28199                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    38045                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1804544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1669760                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  902368                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1217440                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      3                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                 11965                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              2159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              2338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              2482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             2438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             2611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              2304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              2022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         4                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    5972721000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                 28199                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                38045                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   28007                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     189                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   1519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   1415                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   1371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   1462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   1517                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   1552                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1839                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   1584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   1556                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   1845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   1513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   1508                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   1445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   1279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   1269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                     50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        10077                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    344.794681                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.785623                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   348.756371                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3157     31.33%     31.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2520     25.01%     56.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1243     12.34%     68.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          649      6.44%     75.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          347      3.44%     78.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          243      2.41%     80.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          149      1.48%     82.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          116      1.15%     83.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1653     16.40%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        10077                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1223                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      23.074407                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     29.962828                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-31            969     79.23%     79.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-63           194     15.86%     95.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            39      3.19%     98.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           14      1.14%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            3      0.25%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            1      0.08%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            2      0.16%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          1223                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1223                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      21.332788                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     19.689400                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     11.059338                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17           780     63.78%     63.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           128     10.47%     74.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-21             6      0.49%     74.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23             4      0.33%     75.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-25             9      0.74%     75.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            94      7.69%     83.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            16      1.31%     84.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30-31             6      0.49%     85.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            57      4.66%     89.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34-35             8      0.65%     90.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            20      1.64%     92.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            11      0.90%     93.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            44      3.60%     96.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::42-43             5      0.41%     97.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-45             3      0.25%     97.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46-47             3      0.25%     97.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-49             3      0.25%     97.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::50-51             2      0.16%     98.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::54-55             2      0.16%     98.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::60-61             2      0.16%     98.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-65             2      0.16%     98.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::66-67             1      0.08%     98.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::68-69             3      0.25%     98.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::70-71             1      0.08%     98.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::72-73             1      0.08%     99.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::74-75             2      0.16%     99.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::78-79             1      0.08%     99.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::80-81             1      0.08%     99.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::86-87             1      0.08%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::88-89             1      0.08%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::92-93             2      0.16%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::94-95             1      0.08%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::96-97             2      0.16%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          1223                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    446603750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               975278750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  140980000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15839.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34589.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       302.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       279.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    151.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    203.82                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    2.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    23875                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   20334                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 84.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                77.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      90162.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    81.45                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 36121260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 19198905                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                87493560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               72928620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         440696880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            702111180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             19563840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1045578930                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       455577120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        255957240                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             3135261315                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            524.895258                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           4381852500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     27933750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     186864000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    903037000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1186401250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1375959750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2292922250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 35828520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 19043310                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               113825880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               63261180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         432091920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            672840540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             18742080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1071537300                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       426426720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        274224180                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             3127937490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            523.669127                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           4447759750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     25971500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     183200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    988179500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1110491500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1315353500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2349922000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                      143690                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                       497                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                   52425                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                     130298                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      125                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                          15                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                  25975                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                      273988                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                       622                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                           15                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                   78400                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                     254218                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                      268                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                 254486                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                 18                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples            9                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    331919666.666667                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   312366349.721365                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10            9    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value      1795000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    960260500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total              9                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     2985841000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   2987277000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        11946236                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       9                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.28%      0.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   67      4.77%      5.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.14%      5.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1156     82.28%     87.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     16      1.14%     88.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.07%     88.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.07%     88.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     131      9.32%     98.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  24      1.71%     99.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.21%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  1405                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      2322                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              198                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                118                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                118                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                  118                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.595960                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.746835                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        5271436500     88.25%     88.25% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user           702114500     11.75%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      67                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     599     46.11%     46.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                      4      0.31%     46.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                      6      0.46%     46.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      2      0.15%     47.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    688     52.96%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                1299                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      597     49.58%     49.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                       4      0.33%     49.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                       6      0.50%     50.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       2      0.17%     50.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     595     49.42%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 1204                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0              5639355000     94.41%     94.41% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                3454000      0.06%     94.46% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                3927500      0.07%     94.53% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2276000      0.04%     94.57% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              324538500      5.43%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total          5973551000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.996661                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.864826                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.926867                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     748194                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       748194                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               720544                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3960                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      22692                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        75847                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      720544                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         3960                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            1008901                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            504209                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                2545                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               2507                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       275444                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     144793                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    130651                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              5974553.999000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              5971682.001000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.499880                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.500120                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           104074                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                14013      1.87%      1.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                   437369     58.41%     60.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     708      0.09%     60.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   1217      0.16%     60.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     60.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                    230      0.03%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  148208     19.79%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 129854     17.34%     97.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead               1353      0.18%     97.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite              1160      0.15%     98.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                 14719      1.97%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                    748831                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            28494                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          918.551422                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             264723                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            29518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.968189                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   918.551422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.897023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.897023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          789                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          8799485                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         8799485                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       130154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         130154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       110602                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        110602                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data         1951                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1951                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data         2035                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2035                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       240756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          240756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       240756                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         240756                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        11450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        17493                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        17493                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data          309                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          309                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        28943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         28943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        28943                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        28943                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    528138500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    528138500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    858248000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    858248000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4512500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      4512500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       419000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       419000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1386386500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1386386500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1386386500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1386386500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       141604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       141604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       128095                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       128095                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2260                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2260                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2117                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2117                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       269699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       269699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       269699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       269699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.080859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.080859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.136563                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.136563                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.136726                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.136726                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038734                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.038734                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.107316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.107316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.107316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.107316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 46125.633188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46125.633188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49062.367804                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49062.367804                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14603.559871                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14603.559871                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5109.756098                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5109.756098                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 47900.580451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47900.580451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 47900.580451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47900.580451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        21217                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            21217                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        11450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        17493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        17493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          309                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          309                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        28943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        28943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        28943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data          600                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          600                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    516688500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    516688500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    840755000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    840755000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4203500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4203500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       337000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       337000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1357443500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1357443500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1357443500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1357443500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    103674500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    103674500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    103674500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    103674500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.080859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.080859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.136563                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136563                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.136726                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136726                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038734                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038734                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.107316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.107316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45125.633188                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45125.633188                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 48062.367804                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48062.367804                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13603.559871                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13603.559871                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  4109.756098                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4109.756098                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 46900.580451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46900.580451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 46900.580451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46900.580451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 239987.268519                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 239987.268519                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 172790.833333                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 172790.833333                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            23207                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.999768                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             736481                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            23463                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            31.389038                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   255.999768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1520870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         1520870                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       725623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         725623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       725623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          725623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       725623                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         725623                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst        23208                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        23208                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst        23208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         23208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst        23208                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        23208                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    479290500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    479290500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    479290500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    479290500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    479290500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    479290500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       748831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       748831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       748831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       748831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       748831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       748831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.030992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.030992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.030992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.030992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 20651.951913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20651.951913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 20651.951913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20651.951913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 20651.951913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20651.951913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks        23207                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total            23207                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        23208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        23208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        23208                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23208                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    456082500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    456082500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    456082500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    456082500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    456082500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    456082500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.030992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.030992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.030992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 19651.951913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19651.951913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 19651.951913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19651.951913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 19651.951913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19651.951913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                       29316                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                       325                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                           12                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                    1841                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                      19199                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                       34                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           8                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                    895                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                       48515                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                       359                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           20                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                    2736                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                      25078                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      124                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                  25202                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numPwrStateTransitions                 22                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           12                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean       449435375                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   379274347.535775                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           12    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    973521000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             12                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      579893500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   5393224500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                        11719650                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      11                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   56     12.73%     12.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.14%     13.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  278     63.18%     77.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                     15      3.41%     80.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      75     17.05%     97.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.05%     99.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.45%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   440                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       952                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              121                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 66                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 10                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   66                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.553719                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.100000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.680203                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         527806500      5.17%      5.17% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            31409500      0.31%      5.48% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          9651274000     94.52%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      56                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     151     41.71%     41.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                      6      1.66%     43.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      0.83%     44.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    202     55.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 362                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      151     49.03%     49.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                       6      1.95%     50.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      0.97%     51.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     148     48.05%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  308                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0              5746699500     98.07%     98.07% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2821500      0.05%     98.12% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                3486500      0.06%     98.18% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              106817500      1.82%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total          5859825000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.732673                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.850829                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.committedInsts                     165863                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                       165863                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses               159830                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                   247                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                       3552                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts        19382                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                      159830                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                          247                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads             212430                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes            119844                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                 120                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                121                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                        49603                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                      30185                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                     19418                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              10581860.849319                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              1137789.150681                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.097084                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.902916                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                            24271                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                 2924      1.76%      1.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                   105229     63.30%     65.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     249      0.15%     65.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     65.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                     40      0.02%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      3      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                   31251     18.80%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                  19341     11.63%     95.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                104      0.06%     95.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite               100      0.06%     95.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                  7001      4.21%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                    166242                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             3912                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          872.848776                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             141349                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4768                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            29.645344                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   872.848776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.852391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.852391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          856                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          839                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.835938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1576246                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1576246                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data        26924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          26924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data        16814                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16814                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data          484                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          484                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data          516                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          516                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data        43738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           43738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data        43738                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          43738                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data         2374                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2374                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data         1920                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1920                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data           62                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           62                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data           29                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           29                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data         4294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          4294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data         4294                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         4294                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     61993000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61993000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    157040000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    157040000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1681000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1681000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       196000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       196000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    219033000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    219033000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    219033000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    219033000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data        29298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data        18734                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        18734                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data          546                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          546                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data          545                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          545                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data        48032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        48032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data        48032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        48032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.081029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.081029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.102487                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.102487                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.113553                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.113553                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.053211                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.053211                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.089399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.089399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.089399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.089399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 26113.310868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26113.310868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 81791.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81791.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27112.903226                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27112.903226                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6758.620690                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6758.620690                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 51009.082441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51009.082441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 51009.082441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51009.082441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2703                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             2703                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1920                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1920                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           62                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           62                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           29                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           22                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           22                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data           26                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     59619000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59619000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    155120000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    155120000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1619000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1619000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       167000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       167000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    214739000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    214739000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    214739000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    214739000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       676000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       676000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.081029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.102487                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102487                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.113553                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.113553                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.053211                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053211                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.089399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.089399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.089399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.089399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25113.310868                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25113.310868                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 80791.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80791.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 26112.903226                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26112.903226                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5758.620690                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5758.620690                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 50009.082441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50009.082441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 50009.082441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50009.082441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       169000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       169000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data        26000                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        26000                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             5975                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             169965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             6231                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            27.277323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst          256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           338459                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          338459                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst       160267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         160267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst       160267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          160267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst       160267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         160267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst         5975                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         5975                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst         5975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          5975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         5975                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         5975                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    148917500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    148917500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    148917500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    148917500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    148917500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    148917500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       166242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst       166242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       166242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst       166242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       166242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.035942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.035942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.035942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 24923.430962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24923.430962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 24923.430962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24923.430962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 24923.430962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24923.430962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         5975                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             5975                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         5975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         5975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         5975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    142942500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    142942500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    142942500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    142942500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    142942500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    142942500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.035942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.035942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.035942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 23923.430962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23923.430962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 23923.430962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23923.430962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 23923.430962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23923.430962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                      150410                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                       375                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                   19733                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                     104000                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                       73                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                          12                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                  11548                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                      254410                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                       448                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                           12                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                   31281                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                     126109                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                      338                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                 126447                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numPwrStateTransitions                106                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           54                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    67034898.148148                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   200674798.864119                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           54    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    972787500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             54                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     2353233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   3619884500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                        11718700                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      53                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    5      0.22%      0.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   68      2.95%      3.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.13%      3.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1974     85.60%     88.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                     82      3.56%     92.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.04%     92.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.04%     92.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     110      4.77%     97.31% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  34      1.47%     98.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       6      0.26%     99.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                 21      0.91%     99.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.04%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                  2306                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      3126                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              178                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 88                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 88                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   88                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.494382                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.661654                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        5689442500     94.75%     94.75% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user           315339500      5.25%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      68                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     785     37.27%     37.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                     15      0.71%     37.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                      6      0.28%     38.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.05%     38.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   1299     61.68%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                2106                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      784     49.34%     49.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                      15      0.94%     50.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                       6      0.38%     50.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.06%     50.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     783     49.28%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 1589                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0              5145079500     87.81%     87.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21               11903500      0.20%     88.01% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                3167000      0.05%     88.07% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1245000      0.02%     88.09% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              697955000     11.91%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total          5859350000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.998726                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.602771                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.754511                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     756435                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                       756435                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses               728808                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                  2242                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      25954                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts        75255                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                      728808                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                         2242                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            1000238                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            539223                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                1070                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes               1019                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       255678                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     151376                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    104302                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              7101875.518744                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              4616824.481256                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.393971                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.606029                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           109137                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                10816      1.43%      1.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                   466037     61.57%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    1414      0.19%     63.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     63.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                    381      0.05%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     11      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                     18      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  156067     20.62%     83.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 103899     13.73%     97.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                898      0.12%     97.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite               934      0.12%     97.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                 16420      2.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                    756895                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            17382                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          885.491817                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             250059                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            18076                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            13.833757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   885.491817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.864738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.864738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          694                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          689                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.677734                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          8168663                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses         8168663                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data       138787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         138787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data        91896                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         91896                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data         2660                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2660                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data         2893                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2893                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data       230683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          230683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data       230683                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         230683                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data         9067                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9067                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data         8975                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         8975                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data          338                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          338                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data        18042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         18042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data        18042                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        18042                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    217305000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    217305000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    306835000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    306835000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      7296000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      7296000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       453000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       453000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data    524140000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    524140000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data    524140000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    524140000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data       147854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       147854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data       100871                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       100871                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data         2998                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2998                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data         2984                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2984                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data       248725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       248725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data       248725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       248725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.061324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.061324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.088975                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.088975                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.112742                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.112742                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.030496                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.030496                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.072538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.072538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.072538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.072538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 23966.582111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23966.582111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 34187.743733                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34187.743733                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 21585.798817                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21585.798817                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  4978.021978                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4978.021978                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 29051.102982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29051.102982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 29051.102982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29051.102982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13150                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            13150                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         9067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         8975                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8975                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          338                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          338                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        18042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        18042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data          401                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          401                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    208238000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    208238000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    297860000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    297860000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      6958000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6958000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       362000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       362000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    506098000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    506098000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    506098000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    506098000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     26792000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     26792000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     26792000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     26792000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.061324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.088975                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088975                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.112742                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.112742                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.030496                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030496                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.072538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.072538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 22966.582111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22966.582111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 33187.743733                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33187.743733                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20585.798817                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20585.798817                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  3978.021978                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3978.021978                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 28051.102982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28051.102982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 28051.102982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28051.102982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 179812.080537                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 179812.080537                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 66812.967581                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 66812.967581                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            45485                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.997479                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs             715801                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            45741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            15.649002                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   255.997479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.999990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1559278                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses         1559278                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst       711407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         711407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst       711407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          711407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst       711407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         711407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst        45488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        45488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst        45488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         45488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst        45488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        45488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    799979500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    799979500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    799979500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    799979500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    799979500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    799979500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       756895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       756895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst       756895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       756895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst       756895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       756895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.060098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.060098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.060098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.060098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 17586.605259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17586.605259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 17586.605259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17586.605259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 17586.605259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17586.605259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks        45485                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total            45485                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        45488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        45488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        45488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        45488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    754491500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    754491500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    754491500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    754491500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    754491500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    754491500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.060098                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060098                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.060098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.060098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 16586.605259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16586.605259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 16586.605259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16586.605259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 16586.605259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16586.605259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                       32193                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                       335                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                           12                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                    1872                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                      21549                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                       36                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           9                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                    897                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                       53742                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                       371                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                           21                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                    2769                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                      26232                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                      127                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                  26359                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numPwrStateTransitions                 24                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           13                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean       416776000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   369854880.775330                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           13    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    971803000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             13                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      555030000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   5418088000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                        11719565                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      12                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.20%      0.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   61     11.91%     12.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.98%     13.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  341     66.60%     79.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                     16      3.12%     82.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                      77     15.04%     97.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      1.76%     99.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.39%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   512                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1041                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              138                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.485507                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.653659                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        6023736000     99.54%     99.54% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            27892000      0.46%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      61                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     178     41.59%     41.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                      6      1.40%     42.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      6      1.40%     44.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    238     55.61%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 428                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      178     48.63%     48.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                       6      1.64%     50.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       6      1.64%     51.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     176     48.09%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  366                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0              5758459000     98.27%     98.27% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2919000      0.05%     98.32% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                5577000      0.10%     98.42% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31               92827500      1.58%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total          5859782500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.739496                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.855140                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     181179                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                       181179                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses               174547                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                   440                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                       4233                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts        20423                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                      174547                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                          440                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads             233891                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes            130792                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                 219                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                223                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                        54893                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                      33105                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                     21788                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              10630567.568364                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              1088997.431636                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.092921                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.907079                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                            26208                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                 3158      1.74%      1.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                   114544     63.08%     64.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                     203      0.11%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                     38      0.02%     64.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     64.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      3      0.00%     64.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     64.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                   34146     18.81%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                  21608     11.90%     95.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                203      0.11%     95.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite               196      0.11%     95.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                  7472      4.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                    181571                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             4336                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          930.354621                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs              88677                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5253                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            16.881211                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   930.354621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.908549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.908549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          905                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.895508                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1745592                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1745592                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data        29383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          29383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data        18833                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         18833                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data          533                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          533                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data          558                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          558                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data        48216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           48216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data        48216                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          48216                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data         2766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data         2207                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2207                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data           44                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           44                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data         4973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          4973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data         4973                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         4973                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     44537000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     44537000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    164989500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    164989500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1077000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1077000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       270500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       270500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data    209526500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    209526500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data    209526500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    209526500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data        32149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        32149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data        21040                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21040                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data          605                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          605                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data          602                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          602                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data        53189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        53189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data        53189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        53189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.086037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.086037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.104895                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.104895                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.119008                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.119008                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.073090                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.073090                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.093497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.093497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.093497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.093497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16101.590745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16101.590745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 74757.362936                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74757.362936                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 14958.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14958.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  6147.727273                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6147.727273                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 42132.817213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42132.817213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 42132.817213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42132.817213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3087                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             3087                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         2766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         2207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           44                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         4973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         4973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data           28                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     41771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    162782500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    162782500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1005000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1005000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       226500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       226500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    204553500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    204553500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    204553500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    204553500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       677500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       677500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       677500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       677500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.086037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.104895                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.104895                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.119008                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119008                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.073090                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073090                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.093497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.093497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15101.590745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15101.590745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 73757.362936                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73757.362936                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 13958.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13958.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  5147.727273                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5147.727273                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 41132.817213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41132.817213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 41132.817213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41132.817213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       169375                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       169375                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 24196.428571                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 24196.428571                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             7351                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             178505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             7607                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            23.465887                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst          256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           370493                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          370493                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst       174220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         174220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst       174220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          174220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst       174220                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         174220                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst         7351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         7351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst         7351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          7351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst         7351                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         7351                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    115074000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    115074000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    115074000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    115074000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    115074000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    115074000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst       181571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       181571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst       181571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       181571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst       181571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       181571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.040486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.040486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.040486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.040486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.040486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 15654.196708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15654.196708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 15654.196708                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15654.196708                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 15654.196708                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15654.196708                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         7351                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             7351                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         7351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         7351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         7351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    107723000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107723000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    107723000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    107723000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    107723000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    107723000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.040486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.040486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.040486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14654.196708                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14654.196708                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14654.196708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14654.196708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14654.196708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14654.196708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  87                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   724992                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         90                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  616                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 616                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               23122                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              23122                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        45366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        45366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   47476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          572                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          405                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         1877                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       725208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       725208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   727085                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy               193500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                21000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               33500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              926500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy              642000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy            72118253                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1644000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            22710000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                22683                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      32                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                22715                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           32                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               204147                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              204147                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             22683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            22683                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      3184485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3184485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2681757768                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   2681757768                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2684942253                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   2684942253                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2684942253                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   2684942253                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           22683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          22683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117943.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117943.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 118368.545551                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118368.545551                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 118368.040074                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118368.040074                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 118368.040074                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118368.040074                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         10156                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4751                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     2.137655                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           22656                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                22656                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      1834485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1834485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1547922595                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1547922595                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1549757080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1549757080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1549757080                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1549757080                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67943.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67943.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 68322.854652                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68322.854652                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 68322.403562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68322.403562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 68322.403562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68322.403562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     27190                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32571.238011                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4177243                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     59958                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     69.669485                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1499.205854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      2952.106043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     13490.237907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst       832.388651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data      1588.816068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst      3421.327842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data      5038.958221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst       795.145597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data      2953.051827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.045752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.090091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.411689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.025402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.048487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.104411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.153777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.024266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.090120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.993995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          864                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7291                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        20134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4469                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  16298166                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 16298166                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        40157                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            40157                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        69876                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            69876                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               38                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data               11                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data               31                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data               20                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  100                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data              7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data              8363                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data                61                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data              5549                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data               105                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 14078                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst          20902                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst           5042                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst          42885                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst           7136                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              75965                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          5726                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data          1392                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data          7007                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data          2102                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             16227                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                20902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                14089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                 5042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data                 1453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                42885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data                12556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                 7136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data                 2207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   106270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst               20902                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               14089                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                5042                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data                1453                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst               42885                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data               12556                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                7136                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data                2207                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  106270                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data              4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data              6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data              3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 15                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total                1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            8780                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data            1805                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data            2737                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data            1914                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               15236                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         2302                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst          931                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst         2603                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst          215                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             6051                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         5078                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data          451                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data         1251                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data          147                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            6927                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               2302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              13858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst                931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data               2256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst               2603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data               3988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data               2061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  28214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              2302                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             13858                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst               931                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data              2256                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst              2603                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data              3988                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst               215                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data              2061                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 28214                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        60000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        58000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       172000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        58000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       348000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        28500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        28500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    725383000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    151280000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    224591500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    157748500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1259003000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    198832500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     79426000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    230356500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     19510500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    528125500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    440647000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     41745000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    123866000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     15027500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    621285500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    198832500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1166030000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     79426000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    193025000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    230356500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data    348457500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     19510500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data    172776000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       2408414000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    198832500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1166030000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     79426000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    193025000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    230356500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data    348457500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     19510500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data    172776000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      2408414000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        40157                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        40157                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        69876                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        69876                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           40                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           37                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              115                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             34                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         17143                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data          1866                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data          8286                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data          2019                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             29314                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        23204                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         5973                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst        45488                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst         7351                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          82016                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        10804                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1843                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data         8258                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data         2249                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         23154                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst            23204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            27947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             5973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data             3709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst            45488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data            16544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             7351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data             4268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               134484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst           23204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           27947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            5973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data            3709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst           45488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data           16544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            7351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data            4268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              134484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.050000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.266667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.162162                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.130435                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.130435                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.125000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.029412                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.512162                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.967310                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.330316                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.947994                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.519752                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.099207                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.155868                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.057224                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.029248                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.073778                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.470011                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.244710                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.151489                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.065362                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.299171                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.099207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.495867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.155868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.608250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.057224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.241054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.029248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.482896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.209794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.099207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.495867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.155868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.608250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.057224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.241054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.029248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.482896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.209794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        30000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        14500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 28666.666667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 19333.333333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        23200                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        28500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        28500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82617.653759                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 83811.634349                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 82057.544757                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 82418.234065                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82633.433972                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 86373.805387                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 85312.567132                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 88496.542451                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 90746.511628                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87279.044786                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86775.699094                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 92560.975610                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 99013.589129                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 102227.891156                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89690.414321                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 86373.805387                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84141.290229                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 85312.567132                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 85560.726950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 88496.542451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 87376.504514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 90746.511628                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 83831.149927                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85362.373290                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 86373.805387                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84141.290229                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 85312.567132                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 85560.726950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 88496.542451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 87376.504514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 90746.511628                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 83831.149927                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85362.373290                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                15389                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     15389                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data               2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           84                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            84                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            15                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8780                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1805                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         2737                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         1914                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          15236                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2302                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          931                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         2603                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          215                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         6051                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5076                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          450                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         1251                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          147                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         6924                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          2302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         13856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          2255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          2603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          3988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          2061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             28211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        13856                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          931                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         2603                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         3988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          215                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         2061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            28211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           22                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data          600                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data           26                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data          401                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data           28                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1055                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        40000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        77000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       112000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        57500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       286500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        18500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    637583000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    133230000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    197221500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    138608500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1106643000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    175812500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     70116000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    204326500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     17360500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    467615500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    389796500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     37234500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    111356000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     13557500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    551944500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    175812500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1027379500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     70116000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    170464500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    204326500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    308577500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     17360500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    152166000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2126203000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    175812500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1027379500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     70116000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    170464500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    204326500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    308577500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     17360500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    152166000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2126203000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     98270000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       626000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     24929500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       627500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    124453000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     98270000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       626000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     24929500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       627500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    124453000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.050000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.266667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.162162                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.130435                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.130435                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.125000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029412                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.512162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.967310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.330316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.947994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.519752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.099207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.155868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.057224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.029248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.469826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.244167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.151489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.065362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.099207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.495796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.155868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.607981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.057224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.241054                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.029248                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.482896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.209772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.099207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.495796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.155868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.607981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.057224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.241054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.029248                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.482896                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.209772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        19250                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 18666.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 19166.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19100                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        18500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72617.653759                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 73811.634349                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 72057.544757                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 72418.234065                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72633.433972                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76373.805387                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 75312.567132                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 78496.542451                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 80746.511628                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77279.044786                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76792.060678                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 82743.333333                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 89013.589129                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 92227.891156                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79714.688042                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76373.805387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74146.903868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 75312.567132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75594.013304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 78496.542451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 77376.504514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 80746.511628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 73831.149927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75367.870689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76373.805387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74146.903868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 75312.567132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75594.013304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 78496.542451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 77376.504514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 80746.511628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 73831.149927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75367.870689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227476.851852                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       156500                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 167312.080537                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       156875                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 211295.415959                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 163783.333333                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 24076.923077                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 62168.329177                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 22410.714286                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 117964.928910                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        100380                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        51367                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          409                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 589                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              13591                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                466                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               466                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        38045                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            10565                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              623                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            213                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             15272                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            15224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         13002                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         22656                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         1794                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        45366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        45366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        83209                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        85319                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 130685                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1877                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1394816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1396693                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2121685                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             2677                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                        864                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             52821                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.041707                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.199920                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   50618     95.83%     95.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    2203      4.17%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               52821                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             1816500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           175769246                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            1959873                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy           94532500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       275443                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       128453                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        28608                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1930                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1716                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          214                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                589                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            109076                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               466                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              466                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        55546                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        82018                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           25768                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             711                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           246                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            957                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            29884                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           29884                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         82022                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        26465                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         2176                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp           29                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        69619                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        87046                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        17923                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        12085                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       136461                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        53270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        22053                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        13785                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                412242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1485152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1573988                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       382336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       205308                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2911136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       951945                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       470464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       235500                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                8215829                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           34117                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    616832                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           169749                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.218982                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.630902                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 146935     86.56%     86.56% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  13359      7.87%     94.43% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                   4558      2.69%     97.12% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                   4891      2.88%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      6      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             169749                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          199570498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy            49484                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          23224965                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          29728961                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy           5987475                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy           4375474                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy          45508459                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy          18544971                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy           7355990                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy           5054432                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5973118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
