
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.475404                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2475403527500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2475403527500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 197682                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   197682                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5343426041                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 739176                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   463.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    91578436                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      91578436                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst         7065888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        31738240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::tsunami.ide         4032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           38808160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      7065888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       7065888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     20709920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        20709920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst           220809                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data           991820                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::tsunami.ide           126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1212755                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        647185                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             647185                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst            2854439                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           12821441                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::tsunami.ide            1629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              15677509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       2854439                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          2854439                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         8366280                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              8366280                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         8366280                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst           2854439                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          12821441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::tsunami.ide           1629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             24043789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1212755                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     647185                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1212755                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   647185                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               77042368                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  573952                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                25826816                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                38808160                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             20709920                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   8968                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                243621                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             90507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             71107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             72382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             50214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             51353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             52550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             53869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             66728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             55915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            109494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            82278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           126362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            88490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            83228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            67281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            82029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             26165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             30254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             22955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             21927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             22373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             22839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             22801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             25013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             21999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             26423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            24647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            30391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            25308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            27296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            24679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            28474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         7                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2475403449500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5               1212755                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5               647185                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1203655                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                      22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                      14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   5090                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   5948                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  23745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  23652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  23597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  23974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  23998                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  24144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  25293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  24656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  24806                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  25660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  24837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  24657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  24468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  24338                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  23838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  23756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                    180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                    191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                    165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                    126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                    119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                    106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                    124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                     87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                     50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       320055                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    321.408158                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   182.674652                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   348.928269                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       122733     38.35%     38.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        77000     24.06%     62.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        27831      8.70%     71.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        15692      4.90%     76.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        11219      3.51%     79.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         6787      2.12%     81.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         5874      1.84%     83.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         4848      1.51%     84.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        48071     15.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       320055                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        23489                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      51.247861                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    330.467707                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047        23478     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            5      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-8191            2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-10239            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-12287            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18432-20479            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40960-43007            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         23489                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        23489                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.180127                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.885676                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      4.501764                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         18193     77.45%     77.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19          4196     17.86%     95.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            77      0.33%     95.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            43      0.18%     95.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            44      0.19%     96.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           311      1.32%     97.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            79      0.34%     97.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            34      0.14%     97.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           159      0.68%     98.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            34      0.14%     98.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            47      0.20%     98.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            37      0.16%     99.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           124      0.53%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            21      0.09%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-45             7      0.03%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46-47             6      0.03%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            17      0.07%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::50-51             4      0.02%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-53             2      0.01%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::54-55             3      0.01%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-57             1      0.00%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::60-61             3      0.01%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::62-63             2      0.01%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-65             4      0.02%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::66-67             2      0.01%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::68-69             5      0.02%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::70-71             2      0.01%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::72-73             2      0.01%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::74-75             8      0.03%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::76-77             1      0.00%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::78-79             1      0.00%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::80-81             4      0.02%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::82-83             1      0.00%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::84-85             1      0.00%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::86-87             1      0.00%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::88-89             1      0.00%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::90-91             1      0.00%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::92-93             1      0.00%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::94-95             2      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::96-97             7      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         23489                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  19339434340                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             41910440590                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 6018935000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     16065.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34815.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        31.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        10.43                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     15.68                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      8.37                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.07                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   950173                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  337101                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 78.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1330905.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    80.09                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                880097820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                467779290                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              3632189400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1014386940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         19451512080.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          14499938160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy            833482560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     65162743710                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     19606030080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     540801531420                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           666355684500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            269.190731                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2441420531500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1043707250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    8244600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 2247463422500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  51057490750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   24694304000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 142900003000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               1405109160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                746829435                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              4962849780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1092112740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         18954268320.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          16020189720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy            667779840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     76633081710                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     10646031840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     538829089560                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           669958837215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            270.646313                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2438533833993                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    558155250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    8024894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 2242750156500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  27725704500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   28286602507                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 168058014743                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     16019458                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      12439                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                            98                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   817033                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     8869201                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      1308                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                          169                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  324495                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     24888659                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      13747                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                           267                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  1141528                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     5657645                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      6044                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            1                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 5663689                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numPwrStateTransitions               14334                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          7167                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean     306732945.723455                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev    450346012.465931                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         7167    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        97000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2000000000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            7167                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    277048505500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2198355022000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       4950807055                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     7167                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::cserve                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrmces                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrfen                      1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                   1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                  4513      2.11%      2.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       65      0.03%      2.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrent                      7      0.00%      2.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                196838     91.90%     94.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    5849      2.73%     96.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrkgp                      1      0.00%     96.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      8      0.00%     96.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                     10      0.00%     96.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::whami                      2      0.00%     96.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     6095      2.85%     99.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  559      0.26%     99.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                      235      0.11%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 214186                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     236858                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              6781                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1967                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                2333                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                2042                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1967                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                    75                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.301136                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.032147                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.368559                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       211691128500      8.55%      8.55% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           9639606000      0.39%      8.94% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle         2254069021000     91.06%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                     4514                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    82586     40.18%     40.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     117      0.06%     40.24% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    2494      1.21%     41.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  120348     58.55%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               205545                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     81049     49.21%     49.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      117      0.07%     49.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     2494      1.51%     50.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    81049     49.21%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                164709                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             2383491638000     96.29%     96.29% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21               106149500      0.00%     96.29% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22              1171770500      0.05%     96.34% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31             90630199500      3.66%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         2475399757500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.981389                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.673455                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.801328                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.committedInsts                    91578436                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      91578436                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              88580437                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 426653                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     2912354                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     11613717                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     88580437                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        426653                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           121001735                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           66890481                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               177950                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              180949                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      24947570                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    16060857                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    8886713                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               4396710043.998224                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               554097011.001776                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.111921                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.888079                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          15137968                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass               1594899      1.74%      1.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  63131538     68.93%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   185911      0.20%     70.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     70.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  117432      0.13%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                    4179      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 16360854     17.86%     88.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 8811948      9.62%     98.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              156114      0.17%     98.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             148928      0.16%     98.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                1080647      1.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   91592450                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2982455                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.952766                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            21896978                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2982455                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              7.341931                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         168190500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.952766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          818                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         800105057                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        800105057                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     13576999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        13576999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      7741544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        7741544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data       292666                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       292666                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data       315300                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       315300                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      21318543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         21318543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     21318543                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        21318543                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      2147878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2147878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       811941                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       811941                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        23721                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        23721                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2959819                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2959819                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2959819                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2959819                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  66918454000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  66918454000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  44792160500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  44792160500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    676335000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    676335000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 111710614500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 111710614500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 111710614500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 111710614500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     15724877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     15724877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      8553485                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8553485                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data       316387                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       316387                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data       315300                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       315300                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     24278362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24278362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     24278362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24278362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.136591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.136591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.094925                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.094925                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.074975                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.074975                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.121912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.121912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.121912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.121912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31155.612190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31155.612190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55166.767659                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55166.767659                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 28512.077906                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28512.077906                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 37742.380362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37742.380362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 37742.380362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37742.380362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2089841                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2089841                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2147878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2147878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       811941                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       811941                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        23721                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        23721                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2959819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2959819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2959819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2959819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data        10355                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        10355                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        17411                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        17411                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  64770576000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  64770576000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  43980219500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  43980219500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    652614000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    652614000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 108750795500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 108750795500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 108750795500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 108750795500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1566127500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1566127500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1566127500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1566127500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.136591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.094925                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.094925                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.074975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.121912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.121912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 30155.612190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30155.612190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 54166.767659                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54166.767659                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 27512.077906                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27512.077906                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 36742.380362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36742.380362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 36742.380362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36742.380362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 221956.845238                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 221956.845238                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 89950.462351                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 89950.462351                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           2506234                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.178740                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            88973423                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           2506234                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             35.500844                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       39828945500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   511.178740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.998396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         185691863                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        185691863                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     89085490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        89085490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      89085490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         89085490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     89085490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        89085490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      2506961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       2506961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      2506961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        2506961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      2506961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       2506961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  49693434000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  49693434000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  49693434000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  49693434000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  49693434000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  49693434000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     91592451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     91592451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     91592451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     91592451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     91592451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     91592451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 19822.180720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19822.180720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 19822.180720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19822.180720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 19822.180720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19822.180720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks      2506234                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           2506234                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      2506961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2506961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      2506961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2506961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      2506961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2506961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  47186473000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  47186473000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  47186473000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  47186473000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  47186473000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  47186473000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027371                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027371                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027371                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027371                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18822.180720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18822.180720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18822.180720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18822.180720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18822.180720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18822.180720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 326                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2836480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        368                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7330                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7330                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               99251                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              99251                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5644                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        19964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        34822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       178340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       178340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  213162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        22576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2127                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          202                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9982                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7620                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3827                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        46576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2849936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2849936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2896512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              6152500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               641500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                19500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                19500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy               18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy               18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              199000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            17346000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             1895500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5162500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy               76000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           283340361                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            24467000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            89572000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                89138                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.626242                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                89138                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         2426959833000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.626242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.019570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.019570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               802530                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              802530                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             89170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            89170                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     51543827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     51543827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10434828534                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total  10434828534                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10486372361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  10486372361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10486372361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  10486372361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           89170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          89170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 188116.156934                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 188116.156934                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117382.430413                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117382.430413                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117599.779758                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117599.779758                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117599.779758                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117599.779758                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         36585                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                19011                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     1.924412                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           88864                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                88864                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     37843827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37843827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5986530544                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5986530544                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   6024374371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6024374371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   6024374371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6024374371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 138116.156934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 138116.156934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67343.081174                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67343.081174                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67560.551430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67560.551430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67560.551430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67560.551430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                   1291262                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32690.122492                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     9120140                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1291262                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      7.062966                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               12106954000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      842.769361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       3817.545160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      28029.807971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.025719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.116502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.855402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.997623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32700                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          835                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5795                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7856                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        18157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997925                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  12304317                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 12304317                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2089841                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2089841                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      2505722                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          2505722                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data                17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             341236                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                341236                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst         2286118                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            2286118                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1650167                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1650167                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst               2286118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               1991403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  4277521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst              2286118                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              1991403                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 4277521                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data              34                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 34                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           470654                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              470654                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst        220809                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           220809                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       521432                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          521432                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst              220809                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data              992086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1212895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst             220809                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data             992086                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1212895                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       969000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       969000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  39177726500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   39177726500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  19421476500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total  19421476500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  44838207000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  44838207000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   19421476500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   84015933500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     103437410000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  19421476500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  84015933500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    103437410000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2089841                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2089841                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      2505722                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      2505722                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data            51                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               51                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         811890                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            811890                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst      2506927                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        2506927                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      2171599                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       2171599                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           2506927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           2983489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              5490416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          2506927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          2983489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             5490416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.579702                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.579702                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.088080                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.088080                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.240114                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.240114                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.088080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.332525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.220911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.088080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.332525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.220911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        28500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        28500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83241.035878                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83241.035878                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87956.000435                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87956.000435                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85990.516501                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85990.516501                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87956.000435                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84686.139609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85281.421722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87956.000435                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84686.139609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85281.421722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               558321                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    558321                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        83493                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         83493                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           34                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            34                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       470654                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         470654                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       220809                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total       220809                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       521432                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       521432                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         220809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         992086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1212895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        220809                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        992086                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1212895                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data        10355                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        10355                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        17411                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        17411                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       629000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       629000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  34471186500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34471186500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  17213386500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17213386500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  39623887000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39623887000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  17213386500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  74095073500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  91308460000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  17213386500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  74095073500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  91308460000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1477927500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1477927500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1477927500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1477927500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.579702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.579702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.088080                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088080                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.240114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.240114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.088080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.332525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.220911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.088080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.332525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.220911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73241.035878                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73241.035878                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77956.000435                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77956.000435                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75990.516501                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75990.516501                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77956.000435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74686.139609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75281.421722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77956.000435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74686.139609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75281.421722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 209456.845238                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 209456.845238                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 84884.699328                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 84884.699328                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       2569021                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1269211                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          421                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7056                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             749571                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              10355                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             10355                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       647185                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           619730                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               92                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            470596                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           470596                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        742515                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         88896                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         2090                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       178434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       178434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        34822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3603335                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      3638157                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                3816591                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2847680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2847680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        46576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     56670400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     56716976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                59564656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             2446                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                      11392                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1319510                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.001903                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.043582                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1316999     99.81%     99.81% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    2511      0.19%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1319510                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            31548000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          3863833012                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            3077773                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         4037289029                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     10979190                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      5488760                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1849                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         197394                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       197341                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           53                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               7056                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           4685764                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             10355                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            10355                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2648162                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      2506234                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1625555                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              51                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             51                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           811890                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          811890                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       2506961                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2171749                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         2153                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7520122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      8984505                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              16504627                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    160421152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    162397872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              322819024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1293747                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  17872096                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          6801477                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.029302                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.168699                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                6602231     97.07%     97.07% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 199193      2.93%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                     53      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            6801477                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         7801515500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           196403                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        2506961000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        2995748000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2475403527500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.006652                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  6652347000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2482055874500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                8695600                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  8695588                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              619783060                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 739176                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    10.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    93332652                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      93332652                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          273888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data          863968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1137856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       273888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        273888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1190336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1190336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             8559                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            26999                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               35558                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         37198                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              37198                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst           41171635                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          129874163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             171045798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      41171635                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         41171635                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       178934743                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            178934743                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       178934743                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst          41171635                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         129874163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            349980541                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       35558                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      37198                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     35558                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    37198                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                2272896                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2816                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1337024                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1137856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1190336                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     44                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                 16299                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              3334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              2378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             2347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             3184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             3510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             5260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             2060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         2                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    6652347000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                 35558                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                37198                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   35514                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    301                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   1020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   1008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   1043                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   1108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   1177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   1339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   1434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   1534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   1394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   1316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   1235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   1095                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   1096                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         9657                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    373.747541                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   213.937703                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   375.644630                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3080     31.89%     31.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2379     24.63%     56.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          880      9.11%     65.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          498      5.16%     70.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          306      3.17%     73.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          213      2.21%     76.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          185      1.92%     78.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          193      2.00%     80.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1923     19.91%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         9657                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1016                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      34.952756                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     58.196082                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-31            569     56.00%     56.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-63           302     29.72%     85.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            78      7.68%     93.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           20      1.97%     95.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           13      1.28%     96.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            8      0.79%     97.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            6      0.59%     98.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            1      0.10%     98.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            7      0.69%     98.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            5      0.49%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            2      0.20%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            2      0.20%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            1      0.10%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::608-639            1      0.10%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-671            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          1016                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1016                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      20.562008                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     19.371348                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      8.569398                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17           636     62.60%     62.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           109     10.73%     73.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            20      1.97%     75.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            16      1.57%     76.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            22      2.17%     79.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            60      5.91%     84.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            18      1.77%     86.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            15      1.48%     88.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            36      3.54%     91.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34-35             9      0.89%     92.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-37             9      0.89%     93.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            11      1.08%     94.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            30      2.95%     97.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::42-43             4      0.39%     97.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-45             1      0.10%     98.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46-47             1      0.10%     98.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-49             3      0.30%     98.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::50-51             3      0.30%     98.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-53             2      0.20%     98.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::54-55             2      0.20%     99.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-57             3      0.30%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::58-59             1      0.10%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::60-61             1      0.10%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-65             1      0.10%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::68-69             1      0.10%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::70-71             1      0.10%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::82-83             1      0.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          1016                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    564254750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              1230142250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  177570000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15888.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34638.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       341.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       200.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    171.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    178.93                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    28772                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   17972                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 81.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      91433.65                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    82.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 28402920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 15081330                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               100759680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               59601960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         490482720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            483558930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             21760800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1479163110                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       475905120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        299451000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             3454534110                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            519.295537                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           5533162250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     28888250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     208044000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1051318750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1239322500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     880965750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3243807750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 40576620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 21566985                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               152810280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               49449060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         500931600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            523313580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             21000000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1733442390                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       376201920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        188157900                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             3607662105                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            542.314179                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           5449406500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     22333750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     212248000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    668478250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    979672500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     968317000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3801297500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                       331320                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                       1512                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                            24                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                    75874                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                      260107                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                       269                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                           44                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                   39371                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                       591427                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                       1781                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                            68                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                   115245                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                      427422                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                       846                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                  428268                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numPwrStateTransitions                  98                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples            49                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean     1716571.428571                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev    4039429.407416                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           49    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value     26725500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::total              49                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      6568235000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED     84112000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                         13304694                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       49                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   238      5.41%      5.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       14      0.32%      5.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                  3560     80.91%     86.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                     101      2.30%     88.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      2      0.05%     88.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      2      0.05%     89.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      373      8.48%     97.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   76      1.73%     99.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                       12      0.27%     99.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                  21      0.48%     99.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrunique                   1      0.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   4400                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       7128                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               603                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 339                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                   8                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 343                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   339                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     4                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.568823                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.500000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.722105                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         5386742000     80.95%     80.95% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           1125080000     16.91%     97.86% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle            142424000      2.14%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      238                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     1659     41.83%     41.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                      26      0.66%     42.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                       7      0.18%     42.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                    2274     57.34%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 3966                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      1656     49.51%     49.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                       26      0.78%     50.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                        7      0.21%     50.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     1656     49.51%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  3345                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0               5485890000     82.44%     82.44% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                25235500      0.38%     82.82% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 7478000      0.11%     82.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31              1135642500     17.07%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total           6654246000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.998192                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.728232                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.843419                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1754216                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1754216                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1688802                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   6148                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       54807                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       178843                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1688802                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          6148                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             2324990                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1226699                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3591                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                3496                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        596228                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      335086                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     261142                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               168223.999975                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               13136470.000025                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.987356                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.012644                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                            249297                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30318      1.73%      1.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1068418     60.84%     62.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     2235      0.13%     62.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     62.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1650      0.09%     62.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     62.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                      11      0.00%     62.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     62.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                     254      0.01%     62.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     62.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     62.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     62.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     62.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     62.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     62.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     62.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     62.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     62.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     62.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     62.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     62.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     62.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     62.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     62.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     62.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     62.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     62.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     62.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     62.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     62.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   344803     19.63%     82.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  260016     14.81%     97.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2195      0.12%     97.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               2038      0.12%     97.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                  44127      2.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1756065                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             50663                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              571851                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             51687                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             11.063730                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          834                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          19024487                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         19024487                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       304271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          304271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data       226295                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         226295                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data         5582                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         5582                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data         6114                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         6114                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data        530566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           530566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data       530566                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          530566                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        22409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         22409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        27583                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        27583                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data          678                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          678                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        49992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          49992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        49992                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         49992                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1102764000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1102764000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1534372000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1534372000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     22154000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     22154000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   2637136000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2637136000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   2637136000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2637136000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       326680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       326680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data       253878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       253878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data         6260                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         6260                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data         6114                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         6114                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       580558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       580558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       580558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       580558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.068596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.068596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.108647                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.108647                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.108307                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.108307                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.086110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.086110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.086110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.086110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 49210.763533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49210.763533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55627.451691                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55627.451691                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 32675.516224                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32675.516224                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52751.160186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52751.160186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52751.160186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52751.160186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        35538                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             35538                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        22409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        27583                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        27583                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          678                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          678                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        49992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        49992                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49992                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          464                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          464                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data         1074                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1074                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1080355000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1080355000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1506789000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1506789000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     21476000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21476000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2587144000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2587144000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2587144000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2587144000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    136824500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    136824500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    136824500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    136824500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.068596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.068596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.108647                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.108647                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.108307                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.108307                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.086110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.086110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 48210.763533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48210.763533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 54627.451691                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54627.451691                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 31675.516224                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31675.516224                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 51751.160186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51751.160186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 51751.160186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51751.160186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 224302.459016                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 224302.459016                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 127397.113594                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 127397.113594                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             59435                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.973156                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             1808690                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             59947                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             30.171485                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   511.973156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           3571572                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          3571572                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      1696623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         1696623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       1696623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          1696623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      1696623                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         1696623                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        59442                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         59442                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        59442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          59442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        59442                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         59442                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1436359500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1436359500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1436359500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1436359500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1436359500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1436359500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      1756065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1756065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      1756065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      1756065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      1756065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      1756065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.033850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.033850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.033850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 24164.050671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24164.050671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 24164.050671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24164.050671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 24164.050671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24164.050671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        59435                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             59435                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        59442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        59442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        59442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        59442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        59442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        59442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1376917500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1376917500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1376917500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1376917500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1376917500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1376917500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.033850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.033850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.033850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 23164.050671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23164.050671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 23164.050671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23164.050671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 23164.050671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23164.050671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  87                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   724992                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         90                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  637                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 637                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               23120                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              23120                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           88                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        45366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        45366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   47514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          121                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          593                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          405                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         1735                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       725208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       725208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   726943                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy               109000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                21000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               91000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              963500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy              632000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy            72320208                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1684000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            22710000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                22683                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      32                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                22715                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           32                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               204147                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              204147                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             22683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            22683                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      3182985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3182985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2736381223                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   2736381223                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2739564208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   2739564208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2739564208                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   2739564208                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           22683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          22683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117888.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117888.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 120779.538445                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120779.538445                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 120776.096989                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120776.096989                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 120776.096989                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120776.096989                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         12096                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4238                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     2.854176                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           22656                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                22656                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      1832985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1832985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1602403634                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1602403634                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1604236619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1604236619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1604236619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1604236619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67888.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67888.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 70727.561529                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70727.561529                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 70724.181942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70724.181942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 70724.181942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70724.181942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     34384                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 28710.948327                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      620270                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     64003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      9.691264                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      872.440022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       7828.795863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      20009.712442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.026625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.238916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.610648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.876189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         29619                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          823                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8078                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        10397                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        10237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.903900                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    258415                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   258415                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        35538                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            35538                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        59379                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            59379                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              11202                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 11202                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst           50881                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              50881                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          12453                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             12453                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                 50881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 23655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    74536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                50881                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                23655                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   74536                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data               6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            16374                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               16374                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          8559                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             8559                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        10634                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           10634                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                8559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               27008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  35567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               8559                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              27008                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 35567                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       171000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       171000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1347567000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1347567000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    753483000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    753483000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    936263000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    936263000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     753483000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    2283830000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       3037313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    753483000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   2283830000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      3037313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        35538                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35538                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        59379                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        59379                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data             7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          27576                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             27576                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst        59440                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          59440                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        23087                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         23087                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             59440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data             50663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               110103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            59440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data            50663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              110103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.857143                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.857143                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.593777                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.593777                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.143994                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.143994                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.460606                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.460606                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.143994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.533091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.323034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.143994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.533091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.323034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        28500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        28500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82299.193844                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82299.193844                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88033.999299                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88033.999299                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 88044.291894                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88044.291894                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88033.999299                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84561.241114                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85396.940985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88033.999299                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84561.241114                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85396.940985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                14542                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     14542                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         1058                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          1058                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16374                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          16374                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         8559                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         8559                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        10634                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        10634                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           8559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          27008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             35567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          8559                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         27008                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            35567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          464                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          464                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data         1074                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1074                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       111000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       111000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1183827000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1183827000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    667893000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    667893000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    829923000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    829923000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    667893000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2013750000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2681643000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    667893000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2013750000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2681643000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    129199500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    129199500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    129199500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    129199500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.593777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.593777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.143994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.143994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.460606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.143994                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.533091                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.323034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.143994                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.533091                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.323034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72299.193844                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72299.193844                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78033.999299                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78033.999299                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78044.291894                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78044.291894                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78033.999299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74561.241114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75396.940985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78033.999299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74561.241114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75396.940985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 211802.459016                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 211802.459016                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 120297.486034                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 120297.486034                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        112489                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        61322                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           29                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 610                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              19830                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                464                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               464                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        37198                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            17033                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               15                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             16365                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            16365                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         19220                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         22656                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         7070                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        45366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        45366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       102679                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       104827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 150193                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1735                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1603200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1604935                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2329927                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             7097                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                        864                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             59330                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.119653                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.324558                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   52231     88.03%     88.03% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    7099     11.97%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               59330                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             1816500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           186932293                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            7436813                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy          119240750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       220210                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       110108                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          343                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           4062                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         4050                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           12                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                610                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             83166                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               464                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              464                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        50080                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        59435                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           34967                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               7                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              7                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            27576                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           27576                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         59442                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        23114                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         7072                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       178317                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       154178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                332495                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3804000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2761031                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                6565031                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           41512                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    466272                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           152669                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.028945                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.168121                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 148262     97.11%     97.11% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   4395      2.88%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                     12      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             152669                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          158360500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy            34485                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          59442000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          51508500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6652347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
