
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.513852                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2513851932500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2513851932500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 161096                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   161096                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             4419717523                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 743272                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   568.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    91628171                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      91628171                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst         1235040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        18586256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::tsunami.ide         4048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           19825344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      1235040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1235040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     16449440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        16449440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst            77190                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          1161641                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::tsunami.ide           253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1239084                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1028090                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1028090                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             491294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data            7393536                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::tsunami.ide            1610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total               7886441                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        491294                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           491294                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         6543520                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              6543520                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         6543520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            491294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data           7393536                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::tsunami.ide           1610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             14429960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1239084                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1028090                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1239084                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1028090                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               79281600                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   19776                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                37064320                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                19825344                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             16449440                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    309                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                448931                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             74058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             73388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             73956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             72398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             75621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             80135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             72548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             77575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             82787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             73429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            75452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            89547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            85591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            84747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            72948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            74595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             35364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             36081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             35582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             35404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             36449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             37518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             34457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             36864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             36610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             34744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            35911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            39002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            37212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            36361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            35029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            36542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         1                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2513844774500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4               1239084                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4              1028090                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1238514                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                      16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                      19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                      17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                      54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                      47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                     23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   3518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   4606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  35969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  35609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  36092                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  35753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  35537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  35336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  35360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  35405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  35922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  35672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  35524                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  35507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  35308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  35250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  35259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  35151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                    123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                    106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                     84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                     83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                    100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                     89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                     88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                     83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                     76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                     77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                     72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       241785                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    481.195773                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   296.219761                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   392.015687                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        57899     23.95%     23.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        40669     16.82%     40.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        24749     10.24%     51.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        15698      6.49%     57.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        13345      5.52%     63.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         9084      3.76%     66.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         9001      3.72%     70.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         7849      3.25%     73.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        63491     26.26%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       241785                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        35021                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      35.370920                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    396.587293                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095        35015     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-12287            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         35021                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        35021                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.536649                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.431587                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      2.395028                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         31456     89.82%     89.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19          1920      5.48%     95.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           480      1.37%     96.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23           362      1.03%     97.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           327      0.93%     98.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           267      0.76%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            81      0.23%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            14      0.04%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            18      0.05%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34-35             4      0.01%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-37             7      0.02%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38-39             3      0.01%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            15      0.04%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::42-43             6      0.02%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-45             7      0.02%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46-47             2      0.01%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-49             4      0.01%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            12      0.03%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            18      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::54-55             8      0.02%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-57             2      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::58-59             2      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::60-61             3      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::70-71             1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::72-73             1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::78-79             1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         35021                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  21302560203                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             44529591453                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 6193875000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     17196.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                35946.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        31.54                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        14.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      7.89                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      6.54                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1100595                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  475525                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 88.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                82.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1108800.99                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    86.70                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                838100340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                445460895                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              4281708060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1501893180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         15925322400.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          15227387550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           1082698080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     38405024520                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     18195249600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     565631594820                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           661537772745                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            263.157016                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2477632652499                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1554003500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    6765524500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 2346026826250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  47383440500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   27899752001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  84222385749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                888244560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                472113180                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              4563145440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1521165420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         15036552960.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          15652846950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy            987101280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     38002252260                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     15756701760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     566845035960                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           659728482840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            262.437288                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2476943343993                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1329704250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    6386020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 2352576187250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  41033046500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   29188961507                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  83338012993                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     16031417                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      12430                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                            98                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   817000                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     8875532                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      1305                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                          169                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  324492                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     24906949                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      13735                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                           267                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  1141492                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     5662402                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      6029                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            1                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 5668431                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numPwrStateTransitions               14336                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          7168                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean     306384267.508371                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev    450277196.464184                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         7168    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       181000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2000000000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            7168                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    317689503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2196162429500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       5027703865                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     7168                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::cserve                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrmces                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrfen                      1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                   1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                  4517      2.10%      2.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       65      0.03%      2.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrent                      7      0.00%      2.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                197183     91.89%     94.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    5880      2.74%     96.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrkgp                      1      0.00%     96.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      8      0.00%     96.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                     10      0.00%     96.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::whami                      2      0.00%     96.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     6118      2.85%     99.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  559      0.26%     99.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                      235      0.11%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 214589                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     237257                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              6799                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1967                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                2342                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                2046                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1967                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                    79                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.300927                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.033732                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.368383                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       224755109500      8.94%      8.94% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user          10611717000      0.42%      9.36% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle         2278483836000     90.64%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                     4518                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    82670     40.14%     40.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     117      0.06%     40.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    2517      1.22%     41.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  120632     58.58%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               205936                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     81133     49.20%     49.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      117      0.07%     49.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     2517      1.53%     50.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    81133     49.20%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                164900                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             2400433965500     95.49%     95.49% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21               111139500      0.00%     95.49% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22              1203921000      0.05%     95.54% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31            112101638500      4.46%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         2513850664500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.981408                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.672566                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.800734                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.committedInsts                    91628171                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      91628171                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              88628969                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 426921                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     2914204                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     11617531                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     88628969                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        426921                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           121066288                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           66928044                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               178082                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              181085                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      24965897                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    16072821                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    8893076                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               4392324858.998253                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               635379006.001747                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.126376                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.873624                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          15144049                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass               1594925      1.74%      1.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  63160667     68.92%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   186187      0.20%     70.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     70.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  117440      0.13%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                    4179      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 16372976     17.87%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 8818234      9.62%     98.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              156246      0.17%     98.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             149056      0.16%     98.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                1082263      1.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   91642173                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           4445124                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2047.814123                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            20475968                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           4445124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              4.606388                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         265708500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2047.814123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          808                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          29376022                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         29376022                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     12887714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        12887714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      6997172                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        6997172                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data       280208                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       280208                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data       315555                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       315555                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      19884886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         19884886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     19884886                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        19884886                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      2848884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2848884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1562378                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1562378                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        36431                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        36431                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      4411262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        4411262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      4411262                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       4411262                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  66438360500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  66438360500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  79213853500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  79213853500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    541010500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    541010500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 145652214000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 145652214000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 145652214000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 145652214000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     15736598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     15736598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      8559550                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8559550                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data       316639                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       316639                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data       315555                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       315555                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     24296148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24296148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     24296148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24296148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.181036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.181036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.182530                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.182530                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.115055                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.115055                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.181562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.181562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.181562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.181562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 23320.837388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23320.837388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 50700.824960                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50700.824960                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14850.278609                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14850.278609                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 33018.264161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33018.264161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 33018.264161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33018.264161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3786607                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3786607                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2848884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2848884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1562378                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1562378                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        36431                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        36431                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4411262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4411262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4411262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4411262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data        10378                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        10378                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        17434                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        17434                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  63589476500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  63589476500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  77651475500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  77651475500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    504579500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    504579500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 141240952000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 141240952000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 141240952000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 141240952000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1566208500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1566208500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1566208500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1566208500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.181036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.181036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.182530                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.182530                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.115055                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115055                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.181562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.181562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.181562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.181562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 22320.837388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22320.837388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 49700.824960                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49700.824960                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13850.278609                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13850.278609                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 32018.264161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32018.264161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 32018.264161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32018.264161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 221968.324830                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 221968.324830                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 89836.440289                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 89836.440289                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           4111719                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1021.121557                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            87475412                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           4111719                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             21.274657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       92676827500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1021.121557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.997189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          281                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          153                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         187397306                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        187397306                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     87529216                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        87529216                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      87529216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         87529216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     87529216                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        87529216                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      4112958                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       4112958                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      4112958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        4112958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      4112958                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       4112958                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  59524338500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  59524338500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  59524338500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  59524338500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  59524338500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  59524338500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     91642174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     91642174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     91642174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     91642174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     91642174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     91642174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.044881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.044881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.044881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.044881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.044881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14472.391525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14472.391525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14472.391525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14472.391525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14472.391525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14472.391525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks      4111719                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           4111719                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      4112958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4112958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      4112958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4112958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      4112958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4112958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  55411380500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  55411380500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  55411380500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  55411380500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  55411380500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  55411380500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.044881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.044881                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044881                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.044881                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044881                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13472.391525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13472.391525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13472.391525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13472.391525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13472.391525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13472.391525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 326                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2836480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        368                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7458                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7458                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              188170                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             188170                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        19964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        34868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       356388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       356388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  391256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        22760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2127                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          202                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9982                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7620                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3827                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        46760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2849936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2849936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2896696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              6245500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               639000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                19500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                19000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy               18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy               18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              197000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            17378500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             1893000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5235000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy               75500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           397075172                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            24490000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy           178596000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements               178130                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                1.459653                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               178130                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         2456518437000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     1.459653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.022807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.022807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              1603746                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             1603746                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total            178194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total           178194                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     75298240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75298240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  20545838932                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total  20545838932                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  20621137172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  20621137172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  20621137172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  20621137172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total          178194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total         178194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 187309.054726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 187309.054726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115561.099105                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115561.099105                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115722.960212                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115722.960212                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115722.960212                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115722.960212                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        181443                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                35711                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     5.080871                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          177728                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               177728                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       178194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       178194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     55198240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55198240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11649564372                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11649564372                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11704762612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11704762612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11704762612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11704762612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 137309.054726                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137309.054726                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65523.557708                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65523.557708                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65685.503507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65685.503507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65685.503507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65685.503507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                   1169507                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 65333.327341                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    11956447                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1169507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     10.223493                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               14465818000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      419.289388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       8489.504832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      56424.533121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.006398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.129540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.860970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         65383                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          913                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8846                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        26625                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        28996                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997665                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 138172188                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                138172188                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3786607                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          3786607                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      4111227                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          4111227                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data                13                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   13                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             777689                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                777689                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst         4035627                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            4035627                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        2507836                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           2507836                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst               4035627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               3285525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  7321152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst              4035627                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              3285525                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 7321152                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           784676                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              784676                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst         77190                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            77190                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       377479                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          377479                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst               77190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             1162155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1239345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst              77190                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            1162155                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1239345                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  67141484500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   67141484500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   6867436500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   6867436500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  33432908500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  33432908500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    6867436500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  100574393000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     107441829500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   6867436500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 100574393000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    107441829500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3786607                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3786607                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      4111227                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      4111227                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data            13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        1562365                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1562365                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst      4112817                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        4112817                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      2885315                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       2885315                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           4112817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           4447680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              8560497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          4112817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          4447680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             8560497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.502236                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.502236                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.018768                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.018768                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.130828                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.130828                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.018768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.261295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.144775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.018768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.261295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.144775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85565.869862                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85565.869862                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88967.955694                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88967.955694                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 88568.923039                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88568.923039                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88967.955694                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86541.290103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86692.429872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88967.955694                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86541.290103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86692.429872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               850362                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    850362                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       784676                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         784676                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        77190                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        77190                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       377479                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       377479                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          77190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        1162155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1239345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         77190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       1162155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1239345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data        10378                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        10378                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        17434                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        17434                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  59294724500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  59294724500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   6095536500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6095536500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  29658118500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29658118500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   6095536500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  88952843000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  95048379500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   6095536500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  88952843000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  95048379500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1478008500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1478008500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1478008500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1478008500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.502236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.502236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.018768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.130828                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.130828                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.018768                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.261295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.144775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.018768                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.261295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.144775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75565.869862                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75565.869862                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78967.955694                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78967.955694                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78568.923039                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78568.923039                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78967.955694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76541.290103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76692.429872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78967.955694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76541.290103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76692.429872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 209468.324830                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 209468.324830                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 84777.360330                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 84777.360330                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       2762838                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1351760                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          952                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7056                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             462127                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              10378                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             10378                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1028090                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           317208                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              112                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            784564                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           784564                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        455071                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        177792                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         6208                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       356577                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       356577                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        34868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3645344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      3680212                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                4036789                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2847696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2847696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        46760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     33427088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     33473848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                36321544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             6759                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                       8816                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1434973                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.004990                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.070461                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1427813     99.50%     99.50% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    7160      0.50%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1434973                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            31738000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          3791161013                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            7518324                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         2843227761                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     17117494                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8556867                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1972                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           2997                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2997                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               7056                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           7005333                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             10378                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            10378                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4636969                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      4111719                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          977662                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              13                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             13                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1562365                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1562365                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       4112958                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2885468                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         6605                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          497                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     12337494                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     13375879                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              25713373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    131592576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    131795416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              263387992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1176907                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  13608112                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          9754350                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000510                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.022569                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                9749379     99.95%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   4971      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            9754350                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        12521816000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           261981                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        4112958000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4459931500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513851932500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.007908                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7907915000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2521759847500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                6271385                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  6271379                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              531113735                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 744296                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    14.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    93376406                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      93376406                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          110992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data          488976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             599968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       110992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        110992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       840464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          840464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             6937                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            30561                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               37498                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         52529                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              52529                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst           14035558                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           61833745                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              75869303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      14035558                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         14035558                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       106281365                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            106281365                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       106281365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst          14035558                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          61833745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            182150668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       37498                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      52529                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     37498                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    52529                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                2397376                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2496                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1060032                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  599968                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               840464                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     39                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                 35971                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              2647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              2048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             4769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             4305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             5878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             2263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    7914678000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                 37498                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                52529                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   37459                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   1015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   1018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    916                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    951                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   1041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    932                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    866                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    842                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                     50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         6525                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    529.831724                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   324.218708                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   411.754380                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1507     23.10%     23.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1034     15.85%     38.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          539      8.26%     47.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          323      4.95%     52.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          265      4.06%     56.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          295      4.52%     60.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          163      2.50%     63.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          143      2.19%     65.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2256     34.57%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         6525                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          809                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      45.970334                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    137.995342                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            669     82.69%     82.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           78      9.64%     92.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           27      3.34%     95.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            7      0.87%     96.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-319           12      1.48%     98.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.12%     98.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            3      0.37%     98.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      0.12%     98.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            3      0.37%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            2      0.25%     99.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            1      0.12%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1      0.12%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            2      0.25%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.12%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           809                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          809                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      20.473424                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     19.833139                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      6.048246                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17           340     42.03%     42.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19            57      7.05%     49.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           123     15.20%     64.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23           117     14.46%     78.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            75      9.27%     88.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            57      7.05%     95.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            10      1.24%     96.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30-31             2      0.25%     96.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-33             3      0.37%     96.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34-35             2      0.25%     97.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-37             6      0.74%     97.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38-39             3      0.37%     98.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-41             3      0.37%     98.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-45             1      0.12%     98.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46-47             1      0.12%     98.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-49             3      0.37%     99.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-53             2      0.25%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::54-55             1      0.12%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-57             1      0.12%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::70-71             2      0.25%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           809                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    539558750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              1241915000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  187295000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     14403.98                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                33153.98                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       303.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       134.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     75.87                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    106.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         3.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    33050                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   14444                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 88.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      87914.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    87.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 17014620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  9035895                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                95783100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               42636960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         440696880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            424829550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             25773600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1016595570                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       539325600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        858908580                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             3470731485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            438.893373                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           6901734000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     40819500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     187465500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   3274753500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1404477250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     770969000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2229430250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 29595300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 15726480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               171674160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               43821900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         529205040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            528637950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             28326720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1559286870                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       494867040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        529980900                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             3931287120                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            497.133204                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           6674175750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     35801250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     224532000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1966267750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1288677750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     973061000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3419575250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                       331143                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                       1512                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                            24                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                    75874                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                      259018                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                       269                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                           44                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                   39371                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                       590161                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                       1781                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                            68                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                   115245                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                      427462                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                       846                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                  428308                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numPwrStateTransitions                 102                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples            51                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean     4034921.568627                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev    10069419.341935                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           51    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value     43930500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::total              51                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      7702134000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED    205781000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                         15815830                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       51                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   238      5.41%      5.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       14      0.32%      5.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                  3555     80.83%     86.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                     103      2.34%     88.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      2      0.05%     88.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      2      0.05%     88.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      374      8.50%     97.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   76      1.73%     99.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                       12      0.27%     99.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                  21      0.48%     99.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrunique                   1      0.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   4398                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       7127                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               598                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 338                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                  14                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 345                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   338                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     7                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.576923                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.500000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.726316                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         6401914000     80.95%     80.95% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           1137859000     14.39%     95.34% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle            368410000      4.66%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      238                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     1652     41.69%     41.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                      26      0.66%     42.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                       8      0.20%     42.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                    2277     57.46%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 3963                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      1649     49.49%     49.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                       26      0.78%     50.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                        8      0.24%     50.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     1649     49.49%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  3332                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0               6605302500     83.52%     83.52% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                25787500      0.33%     83.85% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 5960000      0.08%     83.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31              1271133000     16.07%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total           7908183000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.998184                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.724199                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.840777                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1748235                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1748235                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1682861                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   6148                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       54757                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       177547                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1682861                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          6148                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             2316949                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1223148                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3591                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                3496                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        594963                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      334909                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     260054                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               411561.999948                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               15404268.000052                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.973978                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.026022                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                            247935                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30278      1.73%      1.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1063777     60.78%     62.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     2192      0.13%     62.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     62.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1650      0.09%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                      11      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                     254      0.01%     62.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     62.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     62.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     62.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     62.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     62.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     62.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     62.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     62.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     62.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     62.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     62.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     62.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     62.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     62.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     62.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     62.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     62.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     62.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     62.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     62.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     62.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   344639     19.69%     82.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  258930     14.80%     97.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2195      0.13%     97.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               2038      0.12%     97.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                  44120      2.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1750084                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            100060                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              496299                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            102108                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              4.860530                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         2048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          937                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          992                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            691725                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses           691725                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       283849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          283849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data       196616                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         196616                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data         5018                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         5018                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data         6122                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         6122                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data        480465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           480465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data       480465                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          480465                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        42646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         42646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        56164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        56164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data         1250                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1250                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        98810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          98810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        98810                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         98810                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1109922500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1109922500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2387799000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2387799000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     20275000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     20275000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   3497721500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3497721500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   3497721500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3497721500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       326495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       326495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data       252780                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       252780                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data         6268                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         6268                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data         6122                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         6122                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       579275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       579275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       579275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       579275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.130618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.130618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.222185                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.222185                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.199426                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.199426                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.170575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.170575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.170575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.170575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 26026.415139                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26026.415139                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 42514.760345                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42514.760345                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        16220                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        16220                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 35398.456634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35398.456634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 35398.456634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35398.456634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        79464                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             79464                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        42646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        42646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        56164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        56164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         1250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        98810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        98810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        98810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        98810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data         1075                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1075                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1067276500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1067276500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2331635000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2331635000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     19025000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19025000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3398911500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3398911500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3398911500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3398911500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    136832000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    136832000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    136832000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    136832000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.130618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.130618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.222185                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222185                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.199426                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.199426                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.170575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.170575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 25026.415139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25026.415139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 41514.760345                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41514.760345                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        15220                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        15220                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 34398.456634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34398.456634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 34398.456634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34398.456634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 224314.754098                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 224314.754098                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 127285.581395                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 127285.581395                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             97734                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.971703                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             1706147                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             98757                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             17.276213                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1023.971703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          153                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          553                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           3597909                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          3597909                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      1652343                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         1652343                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       1652343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          1652343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      1652343                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         1652343                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        97741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         97741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        97741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          97741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        97741                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         97741                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1806208500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1806208500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1806208500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1806208500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1806208500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1806208500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      1750084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1750084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      1750084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      1750084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      1750084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      1750084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.055849                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.055849                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.055849                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.055849                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.055849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.055849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18479.537758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18479.537758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18479.537758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18479.537758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18479.537758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18479.537758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        97734                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             97734                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        97741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        97741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        97741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        97741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        97741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        97741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1708467500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1708467500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1708467500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1708467500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1708467500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1708467500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.055849                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055849                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.055849                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055849                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.055849                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055849                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 17479.537758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17479.537758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 17479.537758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17479.537758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 17479.537758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17479.537758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  87                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   724992                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         90                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  637                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 637                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               45777                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              45777                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           88                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        90678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        90678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   92828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          121                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          593                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          405                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         1743                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       725208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       725208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   726951                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy               117500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                21000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               92000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              963500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy              638000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           101096000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1685000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            45366000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                45339                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      64                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                45403                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           64                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               408051                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              408051                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             45339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            45339                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      3346985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3346985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5464918015                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   5464918015                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5468265000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   5468265000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5468265000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   5468265000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           45339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          45339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 123962.407407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123962.407407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 120606.418057                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120606.418057                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 120608.416595                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120608.416595                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 120608.416595                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120608.416595                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         54388                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 7134                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     7.623773                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           45312                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                45312                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      1996985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1996985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3198023341                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3198023341                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3200020326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3200020326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3200020326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3200020326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 73962.407407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73962.407407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 70577.845626                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70577.845626                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 70579.861179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70579.861179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 70579.861179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70579.861179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     21182                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 56337.071144                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4264388                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     83407                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     51.127459                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      216.467842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      15915.417864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      40205.185439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.242850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.613482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.859635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         62225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          993                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9503                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        21068                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        30656                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.949478                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3201139                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3201139                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        79464                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            79464                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        97685                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            97685                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              32670                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 32670                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst           90802                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              90802                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          36810                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             36810                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                 90802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 69480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   160282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                90802                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                69480                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  160282                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            23494                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               23494                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          6937                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             6937                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data         7086                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            7086                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                6937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               30580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  37517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               6937                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              30580                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 37517                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1904297000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1904297000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    608412000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    608412000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    633704500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    633704500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     608412000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    2538001500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       3146413500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    608412000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   2538001500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      3146413500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        79464                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        79464                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        97685                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        97685                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          56164                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             56164                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst        97739                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          97739                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        43896                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         43896                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             97739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data            100060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               197799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            97739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data           100060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              197799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.418311                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.418311                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.070975                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.070975                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.161427                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.161427                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.070975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.305617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.189672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.070975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.305617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.189672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81054.609688                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81054.609688                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87705.348133                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87705.348133                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 89430.496754                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89430.496754                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87705.348133                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82995.470896                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83866.340592                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87705.348133                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82995.470896                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83866.340592                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 7217                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      7217                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        23494                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          23494                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6937                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         6937                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         7086                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         7086                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           6937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          30580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             37517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          6937                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         30580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            37517                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data         1075                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1075                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1669357000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1669357000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    539042000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    539042000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    562844500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    562844500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    539042000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2232201500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2771243500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    539042000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2232201500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2771243500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    129207000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    129207000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    129207000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    129207000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.418311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.418311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.070975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.161427                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.161427                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.070975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.305617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.189672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.070975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.305617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.189672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71054.609688                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71054.609688                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77705.348133                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77705.348133                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79430.496754                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79430.496754                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77705.348133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72995.470896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73866.340592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77705.348133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72995.470896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73866.340592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 211814.754098                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 211814.754098                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 120192.558140                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 120192.558140                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        149374                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        86012                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           27                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 610                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              14660                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                465                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               465                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        52529                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            13989                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               19                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             23475                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            23475                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         14050                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         45312                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        19475                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        90678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        90678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        96194                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        98344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 189022                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1743                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       715440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       717183                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1442175                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                            19502                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                        432                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             83931                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.232358                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.422338                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   64429     76.76%     76.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   19502     23.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               83931                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             1832000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           201929204                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           20363551                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy           87179000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       395595                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       197795                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          362                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            114                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          114                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                610                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            142249                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               465                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              465                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        86681                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        97734                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           34561                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            56164                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           56164                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         97741                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        43923                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        19475                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       293214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       302332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                595546                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3127568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2874159                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                6001727                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           40688                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    115536                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           239560                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001991                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.044578                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 239083     99.80%     99.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    477      0.20%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             239560                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          287166500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy             2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          97741000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         100902500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7907915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
