
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.513654                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2513654205500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2513654205500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 121272                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   121272                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             3325886885                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 743276                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   755.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    91655143                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      91655143                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst         1005280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        18225280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::tsunami.ide         4048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           19234608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      1005280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1005280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     16379744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        16379744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst            62830                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          1139080                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::tsunami.ide           253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1202163                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1023734                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1023734                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             399928                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data            7250512                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::tsunami.ide            1610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total               7652050                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        399928                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           399928                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         6516308                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              6516308                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         6516308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            399928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data           7250512                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::tsunami.ide           1610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             14168358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1202163                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1023734                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1202163                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1023734                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               76902464                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   35968                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                45476224                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                19234608                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             16379744                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    562                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                313136                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             73984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             75084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             73499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             74145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             76518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             76370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             71948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             76156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             76202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             71409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            75279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            79366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            78306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            73563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            74106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            75666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             43969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             46349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             44233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             45800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             45731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             45703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             42957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             45602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             43429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             42312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            44228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            45216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            43596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            42525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            43924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            44992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2513649955500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4               1202163                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4              1023734                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1201353                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                      17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                      17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                      22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                      52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                      51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                     18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   7075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   9107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  43705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  43428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  43753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  43444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  43252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  43056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  43021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  43080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  43668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  43438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  43243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  43211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  43010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  42965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  42976                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  42846                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                    104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                     96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                     81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                    109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                    113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                    109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                     88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                     83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                     75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       283578                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    431.551446                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   247.901008                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   398.680565                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        83281     29.37%     29.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        59420     20.95%     50.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        25164      8.87%     59.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        13065      4.61%     63.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        10059      3.55%     67.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         7599      2.68%     70.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         6079      2.14%     72.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         5939      2.09%     74.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        72972     25.73%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       283578                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        42725                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      28.122317                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    528.722288                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095        42722     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::53248-57343            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::90112-94207            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         42725                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        42725                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.631153                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.538096                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      2.213852                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         35610     83.35%     83.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19          5433     12.72%     96.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           495      1.16%     97.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23           382      0.89%     98.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           346      0.81%     98.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           259      0.61%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            74      0.17%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            12      0.03%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            14      0.03%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34-35             1      0.00%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-37             5      0.01%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38-39             8      0.02%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            14      0.03%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::42-43             6      0.01%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            10      0.02%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46-47             2      0.00%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-49             3      0.01%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            13      0.03%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            21      0.05%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            11      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-57             3      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::58-59             1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::62-63             1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::72-73             1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         42725                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  18808227745                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             41338246495                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 6008005000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15652.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34402.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        30.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        18.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      7.65                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      6.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1081374                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  547214                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 89.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                77.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1129275.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    85.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1016500380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                540282765                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              4267606560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1880995680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         17579933280.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          25535870040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           1012679520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     35647277880                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     19936906560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     560569105800                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           667992821985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            265.745710                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2454995737000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1722034500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    7465530000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 2324911788000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  51919053250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   49461836000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  78173963750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               1008253680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                535895745                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              4311824580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1828158840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         16165646640.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          24754736910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy            926323200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     32945762310                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     17945125440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     563330361660                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           663756455025                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            264.060368                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2456941491000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1540746000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    6863142000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 2337963886500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  46732235750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   48304612750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  72249582500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     16037441                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      12434                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                            98                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   817021                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     8878694                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      1307                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                          169                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  324494                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     24916135                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      13741                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                           267                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  1141515                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     5662936                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      6040                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            1                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 5668976                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numPwrStateTransitions               14352                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          7176                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean     306722708.890747                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev    450386187.427228                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         7176    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        85000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2000000000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            7176                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    312612046500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2201042159000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       5027308411                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     7176                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::cserve                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrmces                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrfen                      1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                   1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                  4524      2.11%      2.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       65      0.03%      2.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrent                      7      0.00%      2.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                197182     91.89%     94.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    5881      2.74%     96.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrkgp                      1      0.00%     96.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      8      0.00%     96.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                     10      0.00%     96.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::whami                      2      0.00%     96.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     6118      2.85%     99.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  559      0.26%     99.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                      235      0.11%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 214596                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     237281                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              6795                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1967                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                2353                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                2049                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1967                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                    82                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.301545                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.034849                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.368691                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       221821697500      8.82%      8.82% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           9326215000      0.37%      9.20% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle         2282505023000     90.80%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                     4525                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    82665     40.14%     40.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     117      0.06%     40.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    2517      1.22%     41.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  120636     58.58%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               205935                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     81128     49.20%     49.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      117      0.07%     49.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     2517      1.53%     50.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    81128     49.20%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                164890                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             2400677109500     95.51%     95.51% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21               111054500      0.00%     95.51% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22              1199094000      0.05%     95.56% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31            111665679500      4.44%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         2513652937500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.981407                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.672502                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.800690                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.committedInsts                    91655143                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      91655143                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              88654728                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 427390                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     2915730                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     11620759                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     88654728                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        427390                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           121102668                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           66946556                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               178313                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              181323                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      24975145                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    16078884                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    8896261                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               4402084317.998248                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               625224093.001751                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.124366                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.875634                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          15149656                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass               1595066      1.74%      1.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  63177873     68.92%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   186198      0.20%     70.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     70.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  117454      0.13%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                    4179      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 16378976     17.87%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 8821204      9.62%     98.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              156477      0.17%     98.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             149280      0.16%     98.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                1082444      1.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   91669151                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           4407982                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2047.815644                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            20522632                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           4407982                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              4.655789                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         265708500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2047.815644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          919                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          990                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          29348116                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         29348116                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     12922304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        12922304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      7010245                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        7010245                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data       278720                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       278720                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data       315729                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       315729                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      19932549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         19932549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     19932549                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        19932549                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      2820174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2820174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1552314                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1552314                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        38098                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        38098                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      4372488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        4372488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      4372488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       4372488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  63695146000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  63695146000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  77931616500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  77931616500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    558604000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    558604000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 141626762500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 141626762500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 141626762500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 141626762500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     15742478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     15742478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      8562559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8562559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data       316818                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       316818                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data       315729                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       315729                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     24305037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24305037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     24305037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24305037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.179144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.179144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.181291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.181291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.120252                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.120252                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.179900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.179900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.179900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.179900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 22585.537630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22585.537630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 50203.513271                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50203.513271                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14662.291984                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14662.291984                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 32390.429088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32390.429088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 32390.429088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32390.429088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3757847                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3757847                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2820174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2820174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1552314                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1552314                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        38098                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        38098                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4372488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4372488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4372488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4372488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data        10378                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        10378                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        17434                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        17434                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  60874972000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  60874972000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  76379302500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  76379302500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    520506000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    520506000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 137254274500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 137254274500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 137254274500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 137254274500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1566238500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1566238500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1566238500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1566238500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.179144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.181291                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.181291                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.120252                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120252                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.179900                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179900                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.179900                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179900                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 21585.537630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21585.537630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 49203.513271                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49203.513271                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13662.291984                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13662.291984                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 31390.429088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31390.429088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 31390.429088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31390.429088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 221972.576531                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 221972.576531                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 89838.161065                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 89838.161065                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           4112253                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1021.127012                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            87469726                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           4112253                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             21.270512                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       91749579500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1021.127012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.997194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          290                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          269                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         187451796                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        187451796                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     87555660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        87555660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      87555660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         87555660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     87555660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        87555660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      4113492                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       4113492                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      4113492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        4113492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      4113492                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       4113492                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  58381881000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  58381881000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  58381881000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  58381881000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  58381881000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  58381881000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     91669152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     91669152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     91669152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     91669152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     91669152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     91669152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.044873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.044873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.044873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.044873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.044873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14192.778544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14192.778544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14192.778544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14192.778544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14192.778544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14192.778544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks      4112253                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           4112253                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      4113492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4113492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      4113492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4113492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      4113492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4113492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  54268389000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  54268389000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  54268389000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  54268389000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  54268389000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  54268389000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.044873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.044873                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044873                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.044873                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044873                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13192.778544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13192.778544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13192.778544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13192.778544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13192.778544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13192.778544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 326                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2836480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        368                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7458                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7458                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              188170                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             188170                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        19964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        34868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       356388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       356388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  391256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        22760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2127                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          202                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9982                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7620                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3827                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        46760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2849936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2849936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2896696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              6250000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               639000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                19500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                19000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy               18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy               18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              199000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            17385000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             1893000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5244000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy               75500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           397040199                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            24490000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy           178596000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements               178130                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                1.380635                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               178130                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         2459428704000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     1.380635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.021572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.021572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              1603746                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             1603746                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total            178194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total           178194                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     69193245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     69193245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  20545488954                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total  20545488954                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  20614682199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  20614682199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  20614682199                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  20614682199                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total          178194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total         178194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 172122.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172122.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115559.130636                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115559.130636                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115686.735799                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115686.735799                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115686.735799                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115686.735799                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        181131                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                35720                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     5.070857                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          177728                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               177728                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       178194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       178194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     49093245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49093245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11649270148                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11649270148                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11698363393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11698363393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11698363393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11698363393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 122122.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122122.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65521.902830                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65521.902830                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65649.591978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65649.591978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65649.591978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65649.591978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                   1132427                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 65335.682879                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    11570613                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1132427                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     10.217535                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               14100360000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      398.377871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       8664.979407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      56272.325601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.006079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.132217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.858648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         65536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          988                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9376                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        27968                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        27201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                8727336269                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses               8727336269                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3757847                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          3757847                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      4111777                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          4111777                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data                14                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   14                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             770544                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                770544                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst         4050532                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            4050532                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        2500434                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           2500434                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst               4050532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               3270978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  7321510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst              4050532                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              3270978                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 7321510                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data              40                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 40                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           781716                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              781716                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst         62830                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            62830                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       357838                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          357838                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst               62830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             1139554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1202384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst              62830                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            1139554                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1202384                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      1140000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1140000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  65958236500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   65958236500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   5567160000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   5567160000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  30852578000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  30852578000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    5567160000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   96810814500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     102377974500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   5567160000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  96810814500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    102377974500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3757847                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3757847                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      4111777                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      4111777                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data            54                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               54                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        1552260                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1552260                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst      4113362                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        4113362                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      2858272                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       2858272                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           4113362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           4410532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              8523894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          4113362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          4410532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             8523894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.740741                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.740741                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.503599                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.503599                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.015275                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.015275                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.125194                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.125194                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.015275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.258371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.141060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.015275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.258371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.141060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        28500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        28500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84376.213996                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84376.213996                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88606.716537                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88606.716537                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86219.400958                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86219.400958                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88606.716537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84955.003887                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85145.822383                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88606.716537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84955.003887                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85145.822383                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               846006                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    846006                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           40                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            40                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       781716                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         781716                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        62830                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        62830                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       357838                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       357838                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          62830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        1139554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1202384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         62830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       1139554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1202384                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data        10378                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        10378                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        17434                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        17434                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       740000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       740000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  58141076500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  58141076500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4938860000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4938860000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  27274198000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27274198000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4938860000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  85415274500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  90354134500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4938860000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  85415274500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  90354134500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1478038500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1478038500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1478038500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1478038500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.740741                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.740741                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.503599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.503599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.015275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.125194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.015275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.258371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.141060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.015275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.258371                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.141060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74376.213996                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74376.213996                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78606.716537                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78606.716537                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76219.400958                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76219.400958                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78606.716537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74955.003887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75145.822383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78606.716537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74955.003887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75145.822383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 209472.576531                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 209472.576531                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 84779.081106                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 84779.081106                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       2688833                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1314695                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          944                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7056                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             428126                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              10378                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             10378                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1023734                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           284481                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              112                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            781644                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           781644                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        421070                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        177792                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         6208                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       356577                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       356577                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        34868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3534419                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      3569287                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                3925864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2847696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2847696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        46760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     32766656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     32813416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                35661112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             6759                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                       8816                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1398052                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.005116                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.071341                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1390900     99.49%     99.49% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    7152      0.51%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1398052                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            31760000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          3712780511                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            7438234                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         2760158251                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     17044313                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8520299                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1974                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           3043                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3043                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               7056                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           6978961                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             10378                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            10378                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4603853                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      4112253                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          936556                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              54                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             54                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1552260                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1552260                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       4113492                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2858425                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         6597                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          492                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     12339107                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     13264655                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              25603762                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    131609840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    130743080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              262352920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1139940                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  13540432                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          9680689                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000518                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.022764                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                9675670     99.95%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   5019      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            9680689                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        12471112500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           445882                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        4113492000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4422804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2513654205500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.007192                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7191692000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2520845897500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                6868659                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  6868652                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              528827071                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 744300                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    13.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    93408952                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      93408952                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           62640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data          386240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             448880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        62640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         62640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       762800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          762800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             3915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            24140                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               28055                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         47675                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              47675                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst            8710050                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           53706416                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              62416466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       8710050                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          8710050                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       106066834                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            106066834                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       106066834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst           8710050                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          53706416                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            168483300                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       28055                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      47675                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     28055                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    47675                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1795456                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                      64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  870848                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  448880                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               762800                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                 34074                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             2012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             2406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             2460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             2134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             2082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             2398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    7184749000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                 28055                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                47675                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   28054                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    724                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    777                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    825                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    793                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    759                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    710                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    759                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    742                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         3998                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    666.957479                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   452.336947                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   406.157414                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          653     16.33%     16.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          418     10.46%     26.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          246      6.15%     32.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          133      3.33%     36.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          133      3.33%     39.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          243      6.08%     45.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           87      2.18%     47.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           67      1.68%     49.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2018     50.48%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         3998                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          628                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      44.745223                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    526.470853                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511           624     99.36%     99.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            2      0.32%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           628                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          628                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      21.667197                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     21.070358                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      5.680410                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              169     26.91%     26.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      0.48%     27.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               19      3.03%     30.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               12      1.91%     32.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               64     10.19%     42.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21               54      8.60%     51.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22               62      9.87%     60.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23               68     10.83%     71.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24               38      6.05%     77.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25               46      7.32%     85.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26               19      3.03%     88.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::27               36      5.73%     93.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28               11      1.75%     95.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::29                2      0.32%     96.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30                3      0.48%     96.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::35                2      0.32%     96.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36                1      0.16%     96.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::37                2      0.32%     97.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38                1      0.16%     97.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::39                1      0.16%     97.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40                2      0.32%     97.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::41                2      0.32%     98.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44                1      0.16%     98.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::45                1      0.16%     98.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46                1      0.16%     98.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48                1      0.16%     98.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::49                2      0.32%     99.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::50                3      0.48%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::53                2      0.32%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           628                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    366047750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               892060250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  140270000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     13047.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                31797.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       249.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       121.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     62.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    106.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    25471                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   12193                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 90.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                89.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      94873.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    90.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 13951560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  7415430                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                80096520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               44437860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         300558960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            368010240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             18051840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy       689768970                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       330437760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        995653200                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             2848490940                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            396.080775                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           6335282500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     28929000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     127638000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   3964235750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    860508750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     697709500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   1512671000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 14587020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  7756980                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               120209040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               26590680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         340510560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            382566900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             21191520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy       835973970                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       367126080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        890014980                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             3006609960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            418.067120                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           6296105000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     30733500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     144574000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   3508026250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    956061750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     719034750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   1833261750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                       332357                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                       1512                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                            24                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                    75874                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                      259752                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                       269                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                           44                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                   39371                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                       592109                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                       1781                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                            68                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                   115245                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                      428121                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                       846                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                  428967                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numPwrStateTransitions                 104                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples            52                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean     3800605.769231                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev    9608047.403873                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           52    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value     43955500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::total              52                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      6994060500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED    197631500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                         14383384                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       52                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   238      5.32%      5.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       14      0.31%      5.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                  3628     81.15%     86.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                     103      2.30%     89.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      2      0.04%     89.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      2      0.04%     89.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      374      8.37%     97.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   76      1.70%     99.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                       12      0.27%     99.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                  21      0.47%     99.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrunique                   1      0.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   4471                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       7200                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               597                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 339                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                  15                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 346                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   339                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     7                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.579564                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.466667                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.727655                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         5883902000     81.81%     81.81% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user            937319000     13.03%     94.84% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle            370794000      5.16%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      238                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     1684     41.72%     41.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                      26      0.64%     42.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                       8      0.20%     42.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                    2318     57.43%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 4036                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      1681     49.50%     49.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                       26      0.77%     50.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                        8      0.24%     50.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     1681     49.50%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  3396                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0               5923985500     82.37%     82.37% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                24645000      0.34%     82.71% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 6225500      0.09%     82.80% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31              1237159000     17.20%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total           7192015000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.998219                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.725194                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.841427                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1753809                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1753809                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1688162                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   6148                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       55025                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       177919                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1688162                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          6148                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             2324255                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1227304                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3591                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                3496                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        596911                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      336123                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     260788                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               395262.999945                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               13988121.000055                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.972519                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.027481                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                            248696                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30299      1.73%      1.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1067025     60.78%     62.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     2196      0.13%     62.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     62.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1650      0.09%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                      11      0.00%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                     254      0.01%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   345907     19.70%     82.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  259667     14.79%     97.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2195      0.13%     97.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               2038      0.12%     97.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                  44416      2.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1755658                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            100635                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              497397                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            102683                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              4.844005                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         2048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          924                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          995                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            694247                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses           694247                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       284311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          284311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data       197465                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         197465                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data         5041                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         5041                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data         6153                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         6153                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data        481776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           481776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data       481776                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          481776                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        43365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         43365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        56017                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        56017                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data         1260                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1260                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        99382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          99382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        99382                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         99382                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    726742000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    726742000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2282954000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2282954000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     19419000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     19419000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   3009696000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3009696000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   3009696000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3009696000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       327676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       327676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data       253482                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       253482                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data         6301                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         6301                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data         6153                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         6153                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       581158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       581158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       581158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       581158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.132341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.132341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.220990                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.220990                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.199968                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.199968                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.171007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.171007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.171007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.171007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 16758.722472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16758.722472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 40754.663763                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40754.663763                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15411.904762                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15411.904762                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 30284.115836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30284.115836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 30284.115836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30284.115836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        83200                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             83200                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        43365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        56017                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        56017                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1260                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         1260                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        99382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        99382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        99382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data         1075                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1075                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    683377000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    683377000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2226937000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2226937000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     18159000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18159000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2910314000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2910314000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2910314000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2910314000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    136839500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    136839500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    136839500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    136839500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.132341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.132341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.220990                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.220990                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.199968                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.199968                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.171007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.171007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.171007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.171007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 15758.722472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15758.722472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 39754.663763                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39754.663763                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 14411.904762                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14411.904762                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 29284.115836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29284.115836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 29284.115836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29284.115836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 224327.049180                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 224327.049180                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 127292.558140                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 127292.558140                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             98356                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.968374                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             1743229                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             99379                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             17.541221                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1023.968374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          327                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          489                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           3609679                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          3609679                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      1657295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         1657295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       1657295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          1657295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      1657295                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         1657295                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        98363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         98363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        98363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          98363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        98363                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         98363                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1580680000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1580680000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1580680000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1580680000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1580680000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1580680000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      1755658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1755658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      1755658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      1755658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      1755658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      1755658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.056026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.056026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.056026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.056026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16069.863668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16069.863668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16069.863668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16069.863668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16069.863668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16069.863668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        98356                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             98356                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        98363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        98363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        98363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        98363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        98363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        98363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1482317000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1482317000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1482317000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1482317000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1482317000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1482317000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.056026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.056026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.056026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15069.863668                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15069.863668                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15069.863668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15069.863668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15069.863668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15069.863668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  87                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   724992                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         90                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  637                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 637                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               45777                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              45777                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           88                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        90678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        90678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   92828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          121                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          593                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          405                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         1743                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       725208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       725208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   726951                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy               119500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                21000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               92000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              963500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy              642500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           101077571                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1685000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            45366000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                45339                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      64                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                45403                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           64                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               408051                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              408051                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             45339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            45339                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      3253485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3253485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5475405086                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   5475405086                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5478658571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   5478658571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5478658571                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   5478658571                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           45339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          45339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 120499.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120499.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 120837.859419                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120837.859419                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 120837.657888                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120837.657888                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 120837.657888                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120837.657888                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         54300                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 6919                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     7.847955                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           45312                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                45312                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      1903485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1903485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3208855817                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3208855817                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3210759302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3210759302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3210759302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3210759302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 70499.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70499.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 70816.909803                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70816.909803                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 70816.720748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70816.720748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 70816.720748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70816.720748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      8087                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 57856.947341                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4637911                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     73623                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     62.995409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks             243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      17771.349675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      39842.597666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.271169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.607950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.882827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         65536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          978                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9560                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        19864                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        35134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 203757975                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                203757975                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        83200                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            83200                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        98313                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            98313                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              33742                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 33742                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst           94446                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              94446                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          42741                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             42741                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                 94446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 76483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   170929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                94446                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                76483                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  170929                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data               7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            22268                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               22268                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          3915                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             3915                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data         1884                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1884                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                3915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               24152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  28067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               3915                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              24152                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 28067                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       199500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       199500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1788362000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1788362000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    343068500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    343068500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    185532000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    185532000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     343068500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    1973894000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       2316962500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    343068500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1973894000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      2316962500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        83200                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        83200                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        98313                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        98313                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data             7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          56010                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             56010                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst        98361                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          98361                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        44625                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         44625                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             98361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data            100635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               198996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            98361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data           100635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              198996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.397572                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.397572                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.039802                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.039802                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.042218                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.042218                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.039802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.239996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.141043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.039802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.239996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.141043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        28500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        28500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80310.849650                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80310.849650                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87629.246488                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87629.246488                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 98477.707006                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98477.707006                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87629.246488                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81727.972839                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82551.127659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87629.246488                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81727.972839                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82551.127659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 2363                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      2363                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        22268                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          22268                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3915                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         3915                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1884                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1884                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           3915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          24152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             28067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          3915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         24152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            28067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data         1075                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1075                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       129500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       129500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1565682000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1565682000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    303918500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    303918500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    166692000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    166692000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    303918500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1732374000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2036292500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    303918500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1732374000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2036292500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    129214500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    129214500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    129214500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    129214500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.397572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.397572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.039802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.042218                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042218                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.039802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.239996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.141043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.039802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.239996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.141043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70310.849650                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70310.849650                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77629.246488                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77629.246488                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 88477.707006                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88477.707006                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77629.246488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71727.972839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72551.127659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77629.246488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71727.972839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72551.127659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 211827.049180                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 211827.049180                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 120199.534884                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 120199.534884                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        126839                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        73413                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           27                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 610                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6436                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                465                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               465                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        47675                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             5751                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               19                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             22256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            22256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5826                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         45312                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        19968                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        90678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        90678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        64216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        66366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 157044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1743                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       486688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       488431                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1213423                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                            19995                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                        432                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             74488                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.268432                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.443147                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   54493     73.16%     73.16% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   19995     26.84%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               74488                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             1838500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           174534650                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           20815611                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy           65451750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       397996                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       198998                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          365                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             51                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           51                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                610                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            143613                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               465                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              465                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        85563                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        98356                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           23159                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               7                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              7                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            56010                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           56010                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         98363                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        44652                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        19968                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       295080                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       304084                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                599164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3147472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2943343                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                6090815                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           28099                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     38080                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           228162                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001823                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.042661                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 227746     99.82%     99.82% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    416      0.18%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             228162                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          290546000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy            22485                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          98363000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         101481000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7191692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
