
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.693183                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2693182967500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2693182967500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 170748                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   170748                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             4717380019                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 733028                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   570.91                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    97481406                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      97481406                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst        34155552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       101194176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::tsunami.ide         4032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          135353760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     34155552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total      34155552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     28585600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        28585600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst          1067361                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          3162318                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::tsunami.ide           126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             4229805                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        893300                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             893300                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst           12682225                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           37574193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::tsunami.ide            1497                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              50257915                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      12682225                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         12682225                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        10614058                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             10614058                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        10614058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst          12682225                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          37574193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::tsunami.ide           1497                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             60871973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     4229805                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     893300                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   4229805                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   893300                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              269904512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  803008                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                42378368                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               135353760                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             28585600                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  12547                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                231106                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            264392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            215610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            336993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            184899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            204742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            236493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            211094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            267128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            323050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            308899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           241954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           352078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           238908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           303461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           248114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           279443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             38069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             42840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             29954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             34353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             32572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             41653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             34280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             37575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             43718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             65519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            51220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            46440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            34385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            55965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            32246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            41373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2693182954500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5               4229805                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5               893300                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 4217127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                      25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                      21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   4357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   4900                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  37575                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  38809                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  39038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  39342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  39558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  39857                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  40696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  41165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  41691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  42783                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  42208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  41917                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  42141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  41354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  40855                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  40728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                    189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                    163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                    154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                    132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                    105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                     95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                     59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       883155                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    353.596205                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.490131                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   356.366303                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       296929     33.62%     33.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       204684     23.18%     56.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        84458      9.56%     66.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        49148      5.57%     71.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        39491      4.47%     76.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        26507      3.00%     79.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        24021      2.72%     82.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        17056      1.93%     84.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       140861     15.95%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       883155                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        40389                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     104.415410                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   5134.375605                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-32767        40387    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32768-65535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1.01581e+06-1.04858e+06            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         40389                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        40389                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.394612                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.331723                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.944884                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         35603     88.15%     88.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19          4201     10.40%     98.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           169      0.42%     98.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            81      0.20%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            50      0.12%     99.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           101      0.25%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            26      0.06%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            14      0.03%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            44      0.11%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            12      0.03%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            16      0.04%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            10      0.02%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            37      0.09%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::42-43             5      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-45             3      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46-47             3      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-49             1      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::50-51             1      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-53             1      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::68-69             3      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::70-71             1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::74-75             2      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::80-81             1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::88-89             1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::96-97             2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         40389                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  56588532381                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            135662119881                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                21086290000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     13418.32                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                32168.32                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       100.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        15.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     50.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     10.61                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      23.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  3508469                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  487781                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 83.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                73.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     525693.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    81.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               2590956060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1377099240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             13718446140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1520565120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         35993318400.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          42657111090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           1388041440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    127396786950                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     22056442560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     543882345300                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           792591248940                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            294.295359                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2595998653492                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1537534250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   15244950000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 2259181861000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  57438916500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   80401437008                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 279378268742                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               3714877740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               1974473985                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             16392775980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1935920520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         35143885920.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          45966018090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           1223687040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    132358943610                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     14397658560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     543769733400                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           796884940875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            295.889641                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2589179977743                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1077340250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   14878364000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 2261423392250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  37494607750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   88047243757                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 290262019493                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     17017504                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      12426                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                            98                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   816992                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     8895791                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      1305                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                          169                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  324492                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     25913295                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      13731                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                           267                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  1141484                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     5686275                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      6029                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            1                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 5692304                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numPwrStateTransitions               14146                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          7073                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean     310646516.965927                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev    452131790.580381                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         7073    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        68000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2000000000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            7073                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    495980153000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2197202814500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       5386365935                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     7073                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::cserve                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrmces                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrfen                      1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                   1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                  4487      2.07%      2.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       65      0.03%      2.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrent                      7      0.00%      2.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                198868     91.82%     93.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    6118      2.82%     96.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrkgp                      1      0.00%     96.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      8      0.00%     96.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                     10      0.00%     96.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::whami                      2      0.00%     96.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     6232      2.88%     99.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  559      0.26%     99.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                      235      0.11%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 216596                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     239374                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              6921                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1979                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                2304                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                2040                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1979                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                    61                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.294755                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.026476                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.364156                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       339707513500     12.61%     12.61% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user          12352319000      0.46%     13.07% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle         2341119649000     86.93%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                     4488                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    83073     39.97%     39.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     117      0.06%     40.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    2631      1.27%     41.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  122028     58.71%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               207849                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     81536     49.17%     49.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      117      0.07%     49.24% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     2631      1.59%     50.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    81536     49.17%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                165820                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             2494512884500     92.62%     92.62% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21               201128000      0.01%     92.63% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22              1565531500      0.06%     92.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31            196899939500      7.31%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         2693179483500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.981498                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.668175                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.797791                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.committedInsts                    97481406                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      97481406                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              94474227                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 424911                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     2920894                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     12577222                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     94474227                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        424911                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           129814717                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           71794246                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               177092                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              180065                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      25972113                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    17058754                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    8913359                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               4394405628.998368                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               991960306.001632                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.184161                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.815839                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          16114731                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass               1595197      1.64%      1.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  67996558     69.74%     71.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   187194      0.19%     71.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     71.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  117380      0.12%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                    4179      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 17361165     17.81%     89.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 8839730      9.07%     98.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              155256      0.16%     98.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             148096      0.15%     98.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                1090649      1.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   97495404                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           3355746                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2047.857321                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            22406305                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           3355746                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              6.676997                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         268865500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2047.857321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          767                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         210834182                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        210834182                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     14091098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        14091098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      7868081                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        7868081                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data       301080                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       301080                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data       315997                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       315997                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      21959179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         21959179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     21959179                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        21959179                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      2631085                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2631085                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       711163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       711163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        15994                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        15994                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      3342248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        3342248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      3342248                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       3342248                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 213029219000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 213029219000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  56637235500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  56637235500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1170633000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total   1170633000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 269666454500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 269666454500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 269666454500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 269666454500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     16722183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16722183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      8579244                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8579244                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data       317074                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       317074                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data       315997                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       315997                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     25301427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     25301427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     25301427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     25301427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.157341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.157341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.082893                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.082893                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.050442                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.050442                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.132097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.132097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.132097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.132097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80966.300595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80966.300595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79640.301169                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79640.301169                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73192.009504                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73192.009504                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80684.154647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80684.154647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80684.154647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80684.154647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       952799                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            952799                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2631085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2631085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       711163                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       711163                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        15994                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        15994                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      3342248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3342248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      3342248                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3342248                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         6973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         6973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data        10409                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        10409                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        17382                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        17382                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 210398134000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 210398134000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  55926072500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  55926072500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1154639000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1154639000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 266324206500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 266324206500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 266324206500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 266324206500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1545993500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1545993500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1545993500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1545993500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.157341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.157341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.082893                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082893                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.050442                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050442                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.132097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.132097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.132097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.132097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79966.300595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79966.300595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78640.301169                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78640.301169                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72192.009504                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72192.009504                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79684.154647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79684.154647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79684.154647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79684.154647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 221711.386778                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 221711.386778                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 88942.210333                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 88942.210333                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           1853449                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1006.581862                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            95433493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           1853449                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             51.489678                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      156936639500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1006.581862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.982990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.982990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          325                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          559                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         196845500                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        196845500                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     95640715                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        95640715                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      95640715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         95640715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     95640715                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        95640715                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      1854690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       1854690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      1854690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        1854690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      1854690                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       1854690                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst 102978126500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 102978126500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst 102978126500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 102978126500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst 102978126500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 102978126500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     97495405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     97495405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     97495405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     97495405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     97495405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     97495405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.019023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.019023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.019023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55523.093617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55523.093617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55523.093617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55523.093617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55523.093617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55523.093617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1853449                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           1853449                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1854690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1854690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1854690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1854690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1854690                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1854690                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 101123436500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 101123436500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 101123436500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 101123436500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 101123436500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 101123436500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.019023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.019023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.019023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54523.093617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54523.093617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54523.093617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54523.093617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54523.093617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54523.093617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 326                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2836480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        368                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7247                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7247                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               99305                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              99305                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        19632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        34764                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       178340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       178340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  213104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        23672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2127                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          202                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7620                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3827                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        47506                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2849936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2849936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2897442                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              6366000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               640500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                19500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                19500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy               18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy               18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              192000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            17008500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             1895500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             4935000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy               76000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           283576000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            24355000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            89572000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                89138                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.793117                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                89138                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         2626432802000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.793117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.024785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.024785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               802530                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              802530                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             89170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            89170                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     44917823                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     44917823                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10413036177                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total  10413036177                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10457954000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  10457954000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10457954000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  10457954000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           89170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          89170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 163933.660584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163933.660584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117137.286008                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117137.286008                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117281.081081                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117281.081081                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117281.081081                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117281.081081                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         35342                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                18914                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     1.868563                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           88864                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                88864                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     31217823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31217823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5964542368                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5964542368                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5995760191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5995760191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5995760191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5995760191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 113933.660584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113933.660584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67095.733981                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67095.733981                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67239.656734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67239.656734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67239.656734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67239.656734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                   6254248                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  2047.871770                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     1998702                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   6254248                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.319575                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                 271417000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      890.661567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        611.828075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        545.382129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.434893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.298744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.266300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1366                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          519                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  27095929                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 27095929                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       952799                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           952799                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1853025                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          1853025                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data                13                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   13                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              59038                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 59038                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst          787244                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             787244                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data         136625                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            136625                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                787244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                195663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   982907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst               787244                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data               195663                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  982907                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data              31                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 31                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           652081                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              652081                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst       1067361                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          1067361                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      2510454                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2510454                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst             1067361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             3162535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                4229896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1067361                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            3162535                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               4229896                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data        88500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        88500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  54238180000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   54238180000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  90075149000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total  90075149000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 206147215000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 206147215000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   90075149000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  260385395000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     350460544000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  90075149000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 260385395000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    350460544000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       952799                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       952799                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1853025                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1853025                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data            44                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               44                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         711119                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            711119                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst      1854605                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        1854605                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      2647079                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       2647079                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           1854605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           3358198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              5212803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          1854605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          3358198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             5212803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.704545                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.704545                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.916979                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.916979                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.575519                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.575519                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.948387                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.948387                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.575519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.941736                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.811444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.575519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.941736                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.811444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data  2854.838710                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2854.838710                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83177.059292                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83177.059292                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84390.519234                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84390.519234                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82115.511776                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82115.511776                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84390.519234                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82334.391556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82853.229488                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84390.519234                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82334.391556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82853.229488                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               804436                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    804436                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks      2164432                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total       2164432                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           31                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            31                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       652081                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         652081                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1067361                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total      1067361                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2510454                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      2510454                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        1067361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        3162535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           4229896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       1067361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       3162535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          4229896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         6973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         6973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data        10409                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        10409                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        17382                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        17382                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       587500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       587500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  47717370000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  47717370000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  79401539000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  79401539000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 181042675000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 181042675000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  79401539000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 228760045000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 308161584000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  79401539000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 228760045000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 308161584000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1458831000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1458831000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1458831000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1458831000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.704545                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.704545                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.916979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.916979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.575519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.575519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.948387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.948387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.575519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.941736                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.811444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.575519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.941736                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.811444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 18951.612903                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18951.612903                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73177.059292                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73177.059292                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74390.519234                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74390.519234                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72115.511776                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72115.511776                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74390.519234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72334.391556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72853.229488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74390.519234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72334.391556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72853.229488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 209211.386778                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 209211.386778                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 83927.683811                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 83927.683811                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       8631496                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4314767                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          372                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6973                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            3585062                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              10409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             10409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       893300                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          3419099                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               40                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            652072                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           652072                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       3578089                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         88896                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          553                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       178434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       178434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        34764                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12682867                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     12717631                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               12896065                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2847680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2847680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        47506                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    161091680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    161139186                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               163986866                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              909                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                      11392                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           4336479                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.000213                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.014603                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 4335554     99.98%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                     925      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             4336479                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            31188500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy         10418926206                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            1666912                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        13990206776                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     10422127                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      5209242                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         2916                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        4196459                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      4193874                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         2585                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               6973                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           4508890                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             10409                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            10409                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1757235                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1853449                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         7852759                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              44                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             44                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           711119                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          711119                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       1854690                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2647229                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq          567                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          391                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5562744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     10107533                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              15670277                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    118657728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    138004146                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              256661874                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         6255589                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  25749408                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         11485279                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.365857                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.482137                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                7285900     63.44%     63.44% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                4196794     36.54%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                   2585      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           11485279                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         6628083000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           399387                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1854690000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3370397500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2693182967500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.009465                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  9464654000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2702647621500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                8526285                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  8526274                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              813225813                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 734052                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    11.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    99232153                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      99232153                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst         1010144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data         1442880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            2453024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      1010144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1010144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1662976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1662976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst            31567                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            45090                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               76657                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         51968                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              51968                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst          106728043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          152449313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             259177356                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     106728043                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        106728043                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       175703834                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            175703834                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       175703834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst         106728043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         152449313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            434881191                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       76657                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      51968                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     76657                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    51968                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                4901248                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4800                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 2292480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 2453024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1662976                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     75                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                 16162                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              4718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              2978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              3557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              2783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              6316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              3000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              4892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              4240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              5303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              4121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             5054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             6432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             7378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             7204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             4226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             4380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              2425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              3794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              2904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             2487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             2485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             2546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             2552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    9464589000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                 76657                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                51968                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   76582                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   1507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   1636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   1725                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   1776                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   1848                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   1913                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   2130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   2261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   2457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   2693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   2622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   2461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   2466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   2385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   2312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   2256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                     68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                     55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        22825                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    315.143571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   187.782047                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   329.820177                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         7838     34.34%     34.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5973     26.17%     60.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2334     10.23%     70.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1435      6.29%     77.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          866      3.79%     80.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          729      3.19%     84.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          471      2.06%     86.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          364      1.59%     87.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2815     12.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        22825                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2144                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      35.729478                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     37.266098                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-15            642     29.94%     29.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-31           534     24.91%     54.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-47           383     17.86%     72.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-63           248     11.57%     84.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-79           131      6.11%     90.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-95            81      3.78%     94.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-111           43      2.01%     96.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::112-127           20      0.93%     97.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-143           22      1.03%     98.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::144-159            9      0.42%     98.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-175           10      0.47%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::176-191            8      0.37%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-207            1      0.05%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::208-223            4      0.19%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::240-255            3      0.14%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-271            3      0.14%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::304-319            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::432-447            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          2144                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2144                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.707090                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.565053                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      2.769244                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             1839     85.77%     85.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               43      2.01%     87.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              105      4.90%     92.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               28      1.31%     93.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               23      1.07%     95.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21               24      1.12%     96.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22               20      0.93%     97.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23               13      0.61%     97.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24                4      0.19%     97.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25                5      0.23%     98.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26                2      0.09%     98.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::27                9      0.42%     98.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28                3      0.14%     98.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::29                5      0.23%     99.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30                3      0.14%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::31                3      0.14%     99.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32                1      0.05%     99.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::33                2      0.09%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34                2      0.09%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36                1      0.05%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::39                1      0.05%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::41                2      0.09%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44                1      0.05%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::45                1      0.05%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::47                1      0.05%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48                2      0.09%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::57                1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          2144                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   1197339500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              2633252000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  382910000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15634.74                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34384.74                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       517.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       242.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    259.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    175.70                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     4.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    60550                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   29030                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 79.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                81.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      73582.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    79.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 70057680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 37247925                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               231935760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               95207580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         745558320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1089511110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             30336960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2421812580                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       488551200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        128967960                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             5339243235                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            564.124503                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           6996077000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     37758250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     315716000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    412985250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1272340500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2115102750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5310751250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 92891400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 49372950                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               314859720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               91772820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         742485120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1136623890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             22543200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2685540180                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       303049920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         69609960                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             5508759570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            582.034966                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           6913309250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     14788500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     314230000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    234794500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    789179750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2222284500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5889376750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                       330344                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                       1507                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                            24                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                    75853                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                      260963                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                       268                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                           44                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                   39370                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                       591307                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                       1775                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                            68                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                   115223                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                      428117                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                       836                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                  428953                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numPwrStateTransitions                  90                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples            45                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean           800000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev    286038.776774                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           45    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value      1000000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::total              45                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      9428654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED     36000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                         18929308                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       45                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   237      5.28%      5.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       14      0.31%      5.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                  3639     81.10%     86.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                     107      2.38%     89.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      2      0.04%     89.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      2      0.04%     89.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      376      8.38%     97.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   76      1.69%     99.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                       12      0.27%     99.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                  21      0.47%     99.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrunique                   1      0.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   4487                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       7202                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               613                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 343                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                   0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 343                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   343                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     0                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.559543                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle            nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.717573                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         7998807000     84.51%     84.51% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           1466482000     15.49%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle                    0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      237                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     1687     41.64%     41.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                      26      0.64%     42.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                      10      0.25%     42.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                    2328     57.47%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 4051                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      1684     49.47%     49.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                       26      0.76%     50.24% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                       10      0.29%     50.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     1684     49.47%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  3404                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0               7636287500     80.68%     80.68% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                37587500      0.40%     81.07% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                19454000      0.21%     81.28% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31              1771960000     18.72%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total           9465289000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.998222                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.723368                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.840286                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1750747                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1750747                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1685113                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   6081                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       55077                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       176981                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1685113                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          6081                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             2321903                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1225283                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3558                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                3462                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        596097                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      334100                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     261997                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               71999.999992                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               18857308.000008                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.996196                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.003804                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                            247862                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30281      1.73%      1.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1064767     60.75%     62.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     2292      0.13%     62.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     62.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1648      0.09%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                      11      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                     254      0.01%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   343871     19.62%     82.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  260908     14.89%     97.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2162      0.12%     97.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               2006      0.11%     97.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                  44390      2.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1752590                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             46262                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              716534                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             48310                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             14.832002                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         2048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          773                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           4788670                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          4788670                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       306670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          306670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data       228026                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         228026                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data         5717                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         5717                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data         6122                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         6122                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data        534696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           534696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data       534696                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          534696                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        19021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         19021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        26694                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        26694                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data          551                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          551                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        45715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          45715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        45715                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         45715                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1665598000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1665598000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2236903000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2236903000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     48059000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     48059000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   3902501000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3902501000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   3902501000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3902501000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       325691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       325691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data       254720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       254720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data         6268                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         6268                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data         6122                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         6122                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       580411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       580411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       580411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       580411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.058402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.058402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.104797                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.104797                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.087907                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.087907                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.078763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.078763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.078763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.078763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87566.268861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87566.268861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83797.969581                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83797.969581                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87221.415608                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87221.415608                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85365.875533                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85365.875533                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85365.875533                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85365.875533                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        30381                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             30381                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        19021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        26694                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        26694                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          551                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          551                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        45715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        45715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          467                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          467                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data         1077                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1077                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1646577000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1646577000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2210209000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2210209000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     47508000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47508000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3856786000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3856786000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3856786000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3856786000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    136779500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    136779500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    136779500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    136779500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.058402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.104797                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.104797                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.087907                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087907                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.078763                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078763                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.078763                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078763                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 86566.268861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86566.268861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 82797.969581                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82797.969581                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 86221.415608                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86221.415608                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 84365.875533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84365.875533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 84365.875533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84365.875533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 224228.688525                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 224228.688525                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 127000.464253                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 127000.464253                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             47255                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.852247                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             1912552                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             48277                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             39.616215                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1023.852247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          308                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          583                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           3552440                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          3552440                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      1705330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         1705330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       1705330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          1705330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      1705330                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         1705330                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        47260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         47260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        47260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          47260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        47260                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         47260                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2991960000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2991960000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2991960000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2991960000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2991960000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2991960000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      1752590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1752590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      1752590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      1752590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      1752590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      1752590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.026966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.026966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.026966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63308.506136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63308.506136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63308.506136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63308.506136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63308.506136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63308.506136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        47255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             47255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        47260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        47260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        47260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        47260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        47260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        47260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2944700000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2944700000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2944700000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2944700000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2944700000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2944700000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.026966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.026966                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026966                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.026966                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026966                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62308.506136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62308.506136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62308.506136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62308.506136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62308.506136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62308.506136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  87                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   724992                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         90                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  637                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 637                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               23123                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              23123                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           88                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        45366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        45366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   47520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          121                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          593                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          405                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         1759                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       725208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       725208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   726967                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy               106000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                21000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               85500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              961000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy              598500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy            72190654                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1687000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            22710000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                22683                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      32                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                22715                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           32                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               204147                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              204147                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             22683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            22683                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      3203985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3203985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2654007669                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   2654007669                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2657211654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   2657211654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2657211654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   2657211654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           22683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          22683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 118666.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118666.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117143.700079                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117143.700079                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117145.512234                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117145.512234                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117145.512234                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117145.512234                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          8787                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4813                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     1.825680                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           22656                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                22656                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      1853985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1853985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1520292975                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1520292975                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1522146960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1522146960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1522146960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1522146960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 68666.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68666.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67103.326933                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67103.326933                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67105.187145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67105.187145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67105.187145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67105.187145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    136486                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  2047.966002                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       36289                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    138534                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.261950                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      908.090723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        430.763454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        709.111825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.443404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.210334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.346246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1366                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    510053                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   510053                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        30381                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            30381                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        47200                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            47200                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data                387                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   387                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst           15691                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              15691                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data            785                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               785                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                 15691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                  1172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    16863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                15691                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                 1172                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   16863                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            26303                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               26303                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst         31567                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            31567                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        18787                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           18787                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst               31567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               45090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  76657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst              31567                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              45090                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 76657                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2166000500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2166000500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2709046500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   2709046500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1656421500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1656421500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    2709046500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    3822422000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       6531468500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2709046500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   3822422000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      6531468500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        30381                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        30381                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        47200                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        47200                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data             4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          26690                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             26690                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst        47258                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          47258                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        19572                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         19572                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             47258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data             46262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                93520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            47258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data            46262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               93520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.750000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.985500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.985500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.667972                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.667972                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.959892                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.959892                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.667972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.974666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.819686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.667972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.974666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.819686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82348.040148                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82348.040148                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85818.940666                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85818.940666                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 88168.494172                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88168.494172                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85818.940666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84773.164782                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85203.810480                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85818.940666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84773.164782                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85203.810480                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                29312                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     29312                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        14061                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         14061                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             3                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        26303                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          26303                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        31567                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        31567                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        18787                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        18787                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          31567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          45090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             76657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         31567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         45090                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            76657                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          467                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          467                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data         1077                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1077                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        55500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        55500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1902970500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1902970500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2393376500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2393376500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1468551500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1468551500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2393376500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3371522000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5764898500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2393376500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3371522000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5764898500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    129154500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    129154500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    129154500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    129154500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.985500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.667972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.667972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.959892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.959892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.667972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.974666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.819686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.667972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.974666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.819686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72348.040148                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72348.040148                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75818.940666                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75818.940666                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78168.494172                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78168.494172                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75818.940666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74773.164782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75203.810480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75818.940666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74773.164782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75203.810480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 211728.688525                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 211728.688525                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 119920.612813                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 119920.612813                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        198537                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        99382                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           28                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 610                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              50991                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                467                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               467                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        51968                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            47226                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             26303                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            26303                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         50381                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         22656                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        45366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        45366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       229828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       231982                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 277348                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1759                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3391008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      3392767                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4117759                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                               28                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                        864                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            100420                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.000289                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.016991                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  100391     99.97%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                      29      0.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              100420                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             1772000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           302571821                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy              95515                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy          256162000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       187043                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        93524                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          325                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          74131                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        73850                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          281                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                610                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             67469                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               467                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              467                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        59693                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        47255                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          123055                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            26690                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           26690                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         47260                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        19599                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       141773                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       140975                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                282748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3024416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2455199                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                5479615                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          136544                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    938912                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           231118                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.323380                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.470360                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 156660     67.78%     67.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  74177     32.09%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                    281      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             231118                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          133111500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy            34485                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          47260000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          47107500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9464654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
