
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.537532                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2537532036500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2537532036500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 226947                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   226947                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5114290006                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 755816                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   496.17                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   112602987                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     112602987                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         592064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       16721104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst         106992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data         622592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         522848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data        2965792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst         129680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data         697280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::tsunami.ide         4048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           22362400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       592064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       106992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       522848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst       129680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1351584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     18719632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        18719632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst           37004                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data         1045069                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst            6687                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data           38912                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst           32678                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data          185362                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst            8105                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data           43580                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::tsunami.ide           253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1397650                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1169977                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1169977                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            233323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data           6589514                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst             42164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data            245353                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst            206046                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data           1168770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst             51105                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data            274787                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::tsunami.ide            1595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total               8812657                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       233323                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst        42164                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst       206046                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst        51105                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           532637                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         7377102                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              7377102                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         7377102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           233323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data          6589514                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst            42164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data           245353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst           206046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data          1168770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst            51105                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data           274787                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::tsunami.ide           1595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             16189759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1397650                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1169977                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1397650                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1169977                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               89434432                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   15168                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                44549952                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                22362400                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             18719632                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    237                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                473869                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             83228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             90825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             87952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             85888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             87487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             90613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             90621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             83431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             78023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             85178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            88335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            86610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            90481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            92244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            88939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            87558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             42585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             46493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             44627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             43985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             44682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             45011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             43402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             43067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             37927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             42594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            40546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            42138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            41495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            45897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            46050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            45594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2537531855500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4               1397650                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4              1169977                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1392348                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    4596                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     224                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                      19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                      17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                      20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                      41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                      48                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                     20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                     14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   5764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   7439                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  42685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  42757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  43031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  42804                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  42571                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  42376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  42351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  42391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  42963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  42741                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  42589                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  42542                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  42382                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  42285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  42264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  42145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                    102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                     94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                     80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                     73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                     88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                     84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                     80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                     69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       331999                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    403.566902                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   236.304638                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   376.517647                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       101436     30.55%     30.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        65468     19.72%     50.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        32893      9.91%     60.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        20843      6.28%     66.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        15912      4.79%     71.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        10816      3.26%     74.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         9206      2.77%     77.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         8911      2.68%     79.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        66514     20.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       331999                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        41999                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      33.272340                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    434.133969                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095        41996     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::77824-81919            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         41999                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        41999                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.574037                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.480505                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      2.245448                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         36182     86.15%     86.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19          4102      9.77%     95.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           533      1.27%     97.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23           393      0.94%     98.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           343      0.82%     98.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           254      0.60%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            68      0.16%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30-31             9      0.02%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            14      0.03%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34-35             2      0.00%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            10      0.02%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38-39             6      0.01%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            11      0.03%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            10      0.02%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-45             6      0.01%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46-47             5      0.01%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-49             5      0.01%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::50-51             7      0.02%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            18      0.04%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::54-55             5      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-57             4      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::58-59             1      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::60-61             4      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::62-63             3      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-65             1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::66-67             2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::76-77             1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         41999                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  23502552260                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             49704046010                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 6987065000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     16818.62                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                35568.62                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        35.24                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        17.56                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      8.81                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      7.38                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.06                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      22.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1237762                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  523742                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 88.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                75.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     988279.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    84.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1201547760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                638626395                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              4998321300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1847107440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         21323705520.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          27389667930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           1681322400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     44779097970                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     25609923360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     557072344920                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           686555419785                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            270.560296                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2473057302000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2860011750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    9055550000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 2308165687250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  66692312500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   52559028000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  98199447000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               1168946520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                621309810                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              4979207520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1786498020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         21082152000.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          27231430800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           1709613120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     43758837870                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     25383918720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     557818939020                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           685554246510                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            270.165750                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2473330243491                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2970334250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    8953550000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 2311265731250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  66103851750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   52275845259                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  95962723991                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    11660069                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      3106                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  246038                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5672287                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      348                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                          33                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                 108494                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    17332356                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                      3454                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                           33                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  354532                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    2558102                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                     1280                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                2559382                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions              14160                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         7080                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    323901197.316384                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   449113203.466924                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         7080    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2000000000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           7080                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   244311559500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2293220477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                      5075064073                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    7080                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                 1069      0.83%      0.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 2081      1.61%      2.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      11      0.01%      2.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      2.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               116830     90.21%     92.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   5339      4.12%     96.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     96.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     4      0.00%     96.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     3      0.00%     96.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     96.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    3944      3.05%     99.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 151      0.12%     99.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                      57      0.04%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                129503                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    137585                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5888                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                482                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                481                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                  482                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.081692                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.151177                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      2534177480500     99.87%     99.87% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          3352777000      0.13%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    2082                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   47270     38.09%     38.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     11      0.01%     38.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   2541      2.05%     40.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    762      0.61%     40.76% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  73504     59.24%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              124088                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    47109     48.68%     48.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      11      0.01%     48.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    2541      2.63%     51.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     762      0.79%     52.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   46349     47.90%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                96772                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2438933601500     96.11%     96.11% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               10719000      0.00%     96.11% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1574183000      0.06%     96.18% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30             1101279500      0.04%     96.22% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            95910476500      3.78%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2537530259500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.996594                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.630564                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.779866                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   68412787                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     68412787                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             66091913                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                235440                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    2233348                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      9110687                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    66091913                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       235440                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           89754413                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          50376902                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               81502                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              82923                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     17358246                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   11674962                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5683284                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              4586440953.998193                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              488623119.001807                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.096279                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.903721                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         11766519                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              1398142      2.04%      2.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 48475831     70.85%     72.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  152194      0.22%     73.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     73.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  95605      0.14%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                   2102      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                11928377     17.43%     90.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                5633179      8.23%     98.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead              70630      0.10%     99.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite             67103      0.10%     99.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                593111      0.87%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  68416274                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          3123046                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         2022.247369                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           14162439                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          3123046                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             4.534816                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        265721500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  2022.247369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.987425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          930                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1031                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         20505747                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        20505747                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      9318900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        9318900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      4379791                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4379791                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       210817                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       210817                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       215445                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       215445                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     13698691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        13698691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     13698691                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       13698691                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      2117470                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2117470                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      1063860                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1063860                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data        19447                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        19447                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         9928                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         9928                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      3181330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       3181330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      3181330                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      3181330                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  51677027000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  51677027000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  66360117000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  66360117000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    227971000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    227971000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     52956000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     52956000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 118037144000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 118037144000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 118037144000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 118037144000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     11436370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11436370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5443651                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5443651                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       230264                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       230264                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       225373                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       225373                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     16880021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16880021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     16880021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16880021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.185152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.185152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.195431                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.195431                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.084455                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.084455                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.044051                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.044051                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.188467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.188467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.188467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.188467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24405.081064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24405.081064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62376.738481                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62376.738481                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11722.682162                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11722.682162                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5334.004835                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5334.004835                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37103.080787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37103.080787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37103.080787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37103.080787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2654207                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          2654207                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      2117470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2117470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1063860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1063860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        19447                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        19447                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9928                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         9928                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      3181330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3181330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      3181330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3181330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         5222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         9931                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9931                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        15153                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15153                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  49559557000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  49559557000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  65296257000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  65296257000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    208524000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    208524000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     43028000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43028000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 114855814000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 114855814000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 114855814000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 114855814000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1189358500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1189358500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1189358500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1189358500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.185152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.185152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.195431                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.195431                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.084455                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084455                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.044051                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044051                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.188467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.188467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.188467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.188467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 23405.081064                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23405.081064                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 61376.738481                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61376.738481                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10722.682162                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10722.682162                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  4334.004835                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4334.004835                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36103.080787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36103.080787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36103.080787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36103.080787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227759.191881                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227759.191881                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 78489.968983                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 78489.968983                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements          3007962                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.852765                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           65383187                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs          3007962                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            21.736706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       9428787500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   511.852765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          293                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        139841076                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       139841076                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     65407749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       65407749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     65407749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        65407749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     65407749                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       65407749                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst      3008526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3008526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst      3008526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       3008526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst      3008526                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      3008526                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  42885228500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42885228500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  42885228500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  42885228500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  42885228500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  42885228500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     68416275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     68416275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     68416275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     68416275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     68416275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     68416275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.043974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.043974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.043974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.043974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.043974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.043974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14254.564694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14254.564694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14254.564694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14254.564694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14254.564694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14254.564694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks      3007962                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total          3007962                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      3008526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3008526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      3008526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3008526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      3008526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3008526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  39876702500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39876702500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  39876702500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39876702500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  39876702500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39876702500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.043974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.043974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.043974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13254.564694                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13254.564694                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13254.564694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13254.564694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13254.564694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13254.564694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     1201044                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      2253                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                           12                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  118243                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                     693447                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      192                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          15                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                  56482                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     1894491                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                      2445                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           27                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                  174725                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                    1176666                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                     1151                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                1177817                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numPwrStateTransitions               6245                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         3123                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    806698365.834134                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   325775573.945821                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         3123    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    973623000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           3123                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    18213040000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2519318996500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                      5074226435                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    3123                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                   60      0.13%      0.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  338      0.75%      0.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       8      0.02%      0.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.02%      0.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                36632     81.01%     81.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   5012     11.08%     93.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     93.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%     93.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.00%     93.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.01%     93.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    2994      6.62%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 104      0.23%     99.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                      52      0.12%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 45217                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     51484                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              608                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                313                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               2693                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                374                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  313                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                   61                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.615132                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.022651                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.206973                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        7000122000      0.28%      0.28% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user          1765674000      0.07%      0.35% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        2523763993000     99.65%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     339                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   11773     27.85%     27.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   2502      5.92%     33.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    140      0.33%     34.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  27854     65.90%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               42269                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    11732     45.18%     45.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    2502      9.64%     54.82% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     140      0.54%     55.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   11592     44.64%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                25966                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2432544805000     95.88%     95.88% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1153924500      0.05%     95.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30              167433500      0.01%     95.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31           103247040500      4.07%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2537113203500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.996517                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.416170                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.614304                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    5635663                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      5635663                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              5397464                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                 21152                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     209496                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       477548                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     5397464                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                        21152                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads            7365846                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           4168127                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               11803                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              11807                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1903378                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1206006                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    697372                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              5037806367.115006                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              36420067.884994                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.007177                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.992823                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           787783                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                54609      0.97%      0.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  3401542     60.33%     61.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   16860      0.30%     61.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     61.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   3279      0.06%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                    543      0.01%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1224663     21.72%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 689463     12.23%     95.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead               8939      0.16%     95.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite              8391      0.15%     95.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                229846      4.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   5638135                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements            98542                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1778.628389                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            1751624                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            98542                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            17.775405                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     2497546785500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  1778.628389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.868471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.868471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1567                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1563                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.765137                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2005118                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2005118                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      1124272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1124272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data       629106                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        629106                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        14053                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        14053                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        12365                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        12365                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      1753378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         1753378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      1753378                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        1753378                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data        63179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        63179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        48031                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        48031                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         2210                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2210                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data         1728                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1728                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       111210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        111210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       111210                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       111210                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1521317500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1521317500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2927608500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2927608500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     32510500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     32510500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     13867000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     13867000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data         5500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total         5500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4448926000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4448926000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4448926000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4448926000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1187451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1187451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data       677137                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       677137                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        16263                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16263                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        14093                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14093                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      1864588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1864588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      1864588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1864588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.053206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.053206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.070932                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.070932                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.135891                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.135891                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.122614                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.122614                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.059643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.059643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.059643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.059643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24079.480524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24079.480524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 60952.478608                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60952.478608                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14710.633484                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14710.633484                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  8024.884259                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8024.884259                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40004.729790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40004.729790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40004.729790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40004.729790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        63623                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            63623                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        63179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        48031                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        48031                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2210                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         2210                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1728                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         1728                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       111210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       111210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       111210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       111210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         2939                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         2939                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         2966                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         2966                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1458138500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1458138500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2879577500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2879577500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     30300500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30300500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     12140000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12140000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data         4500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         4500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4337716000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4337716000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4337716000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4337716000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      6203000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6203000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      6203000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6203000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.053206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.070932                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070932                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.135891                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135891                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.122614                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122614                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.059643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.059643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23079.480524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23079.480524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 59952.478608                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59952.478608                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13710.633484                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13710.633484                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7025.462963                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7025.462963                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 39004.729790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39004.729790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 39004.729790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39004.729790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 229740.740741                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 229740.740741                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  2091.368847                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  2091.368847                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           400824                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          499.822113                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            5229372                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           400824                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            13.046554                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      97637345500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   499.822113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.976215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.976215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         11677653                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        11677653                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      5236752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        5236752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      5236752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         5236752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      5236752                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        5236752                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       401383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       401383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       401383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        401383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       401383                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       401383                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5988365500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5988365500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5988365500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5988365500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5988365500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5988365500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      5638135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5638135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      5638135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      5638135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      5638135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      5638135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.071191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.071191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.071191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.071191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.071191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14919.330166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14919.330166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14919.330166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14919.330166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14919.330166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14919.330166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks       400824                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total           400824                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       401383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       401383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       401383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       401383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       401383                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       401383                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5586982500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5586982500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5586982500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5586982500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5586982500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5586982500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.071191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.071191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.071191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13919.330166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13919.330166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13919.330166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13919.330166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13919.330166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13919.330166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     4951055                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                      4842                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                           14                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                  429504                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    3174027                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                      525                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                          73                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                 150462                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                     8125082                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                      5367                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                           87                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                  579966                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                    2789659                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                     2735                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           1                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                2792394                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numPwrStateTransitions              10881                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         5441                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    449262476.658702                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   450334504.120798                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         5441    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       115500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    973667500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           5441                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    93094901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2444437135500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                      5074227747                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                    5441                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                 1423      1.48%      1.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      1.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      1.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                 3551      3.69%      5.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                      17      0.02%      5.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      5.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                79735     82.84%     88.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   5526      5.74%     93.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     93.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     2      0.00%     93.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     6      0.01%     93.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.00%     93.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    5641      5.86%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 233      0.24%     99.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                     102      0.11%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 96251                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    108604                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             8442                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                729                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                729                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  729                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.086354                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.158979                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      2528522951000     99.79%     99.79% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user          5379448500      0.21%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                    3552                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                   33557     37.48%     37.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                    103      0.12%     37.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                   2503      2.80%     40.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                   1560      1.74%     42.13% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  51815     57.87%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               89538                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                    32797     48.08%     48.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                     103      0.15%     48.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                    2503      3.67%     51.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                    1560      2.29%     54.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                   31245     45.81%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                68208                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2403559641500     94.74%     94.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21               98507000      0.00%     94.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1188394000      0.05%     94.79% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30             1999235500      0.08%     94.87% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31           130268081500      5.13%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2537113859500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.977352                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.603011                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.761777                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   25648144                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     25648144                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             24889493                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                290234                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     771013                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      2615109                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    24889493                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                       290234                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           34747795                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          18719615                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads              143979                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes             147333                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      8166706                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    4975945                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   3190761                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              4888068627.444690                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              186159119.555310                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.036687                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.963313                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          3663397                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               184751      0.72%      0.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 16550492     64.52%     65.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   48904      0.19%     65.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     65.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  21320      0.08%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                   1473      0.01%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 4954691     19.31%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                3117614     12.15%     96.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead             136135      0.53%     97.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite            131306      0.51%     98.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                506912      1.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  25653598                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           832357                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1318.307516                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            7108920                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           832357                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.540710                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     2481254646500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data  1318.307516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.643705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.643705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1227                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.599121                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          9177475                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses         9177475                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      4390629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4390629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      2562808                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2562808                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data        50433                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        50433                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data        49728                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        49728                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      6953437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         6953437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      6953437                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        6953437                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       505552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       505552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       545290                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       545290                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data        22740                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        22740                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data        18754                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        18754                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      1050842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       1050842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1050842                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      1050842                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9269610000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9269610000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  18132277000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  18132277000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    217084000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    217084000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     88824000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     88824000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        13000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        13000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  27401887000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  27401887000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  27401887000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  27401887000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      4896181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4896181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      3108098                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3108098                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        73173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        73173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data        68482                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        68482                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      8004279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8004279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      8004279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8004279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.103254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.103254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.175442                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.175442                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.310770                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.310770                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.273853                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.273853                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.131285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.131285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.131285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.131285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 18335.621262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18335.621262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 33252.539016                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33252.539016                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  9546.350044                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9546.350044                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  4736.269596                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4736.269596                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 26076.124670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26076.124670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 26076.124670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26076.124670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       647182                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           647182                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       505552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       505552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       545290                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       545290                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        22740                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        22740                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        18754                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        18754                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      1050842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1050842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      1050842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1050842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         1735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         7936                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7936                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         9671                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         9671                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   8764058000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8764058000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  17586987000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17586987000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    194344000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    194344000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     70072000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70072000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        11000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  26351045000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26351045000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  26351045000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26351045000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    357966500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    357966500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    357966500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    357966500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.103254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.103254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.175442                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.175442                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.310770                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.310770                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.273853                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.273853                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.131285                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.131285                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.131285                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.131285                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17335.621262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17335.621262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 32252.539016                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32252.539016                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  8546.350044                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8546.350044                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  3736.376240                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3736.376240                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 25076.124670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25076.124670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 25076.124670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25076.124670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 206320.749280                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 206320.749280                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 37014.424568                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 37014.424568                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements          2262969                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          499.734324                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           23384682                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs          2262969                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            10.333629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      98193584500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   499.734324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.976044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.976044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         53570766                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        53570766                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst     23390028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       23390028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst     23390028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        23390028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst     23390028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       23390028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst      2263570                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      2263570                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst      2263570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total       2263570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst      2263570                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total      2263570                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  32753494500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32753494500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  32753494500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  32753494500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  32753494500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  32753494500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst     25653598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     25653598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst     25653598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     25653598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst     25653598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     25653598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.088236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.088236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.088236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.088236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.088236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.088236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14469.839457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14469.839457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14469.839457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14469.839457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14469.839457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14469.839457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks      2262969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total          2262969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst      2263570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2263570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst      2263570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2263570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst      2263570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2263570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  30489924500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30489924500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  30489924500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30489924500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  30489924500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30489924500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.088236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.088236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.088236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13469.839457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13469.839457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13469.839457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13469.839457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13469.839457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13469.839457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                     2617292                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                      2393                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                           72                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                   24163                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                    1726576                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                      263                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                          55                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                   9489                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                     4343868                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                      2656                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                          127                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                   33652                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                    1259754                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                      964                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                1260718                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numPwrStateTransitions               7445                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         3723                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    669111273.166801                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   397201953.284114                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         3723    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    973627000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           3723                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    46430766500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2491101270000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                      5074226588                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                    3723                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                  628      0.69%      0.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1669      1.84%      2.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                      28      0.03%      2.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      2.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                79086     87.00%     89.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   5078      5.59%     95.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     95.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%     95.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.00%     95.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                    4300      4.73%     99.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  73      0.08%     99.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                      22      0.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 90900                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                     97871                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5351                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                455                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                455                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                  455                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.085031                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.156734                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      2533439335000     99.97%     99.97% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user           722532500      0.03%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                    1670                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                   29860     34.48%     34.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                   2501      2.89%     37.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                    800      0.92%     38.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                  53448     61.71%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               86609                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                    29237     47.83%     47.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                    2501      4.09%     51.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                     800      1.31%     53.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                   28594     46.77%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                61132                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2415604149000     95.21%     95.21% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1194119500      0.05%     95.26% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30              961661000      0.04%     95.30% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31           119353350500      4.70%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2537113280000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.979136                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.534987                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.705839                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   12906393                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     12906393                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             12427050                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                 91315                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     523841                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1171273                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    12427050                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                        91315                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           17076621                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           9361336                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               44193                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              45452                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      4365588                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    2629835                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1735753                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              4981380378.972276                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              92846209.027725                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.018298                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.981702                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1897531                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                69813      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  7904149     61.23%     61.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   28712      0.22%     61.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     61.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   5061      0.04%     62.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     62.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     62.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     62.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     62.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                     79      0.00%     62.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     62.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     62.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     62.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     62.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     62.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     62.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     62.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     62.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     62.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     62.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     62.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     62.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     62.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 2689980     20.84%     82.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1696144     13.14%     96.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead              43757      0.34%     96.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite             42418      0.33%     96.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                429063      3.32%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  12909176                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements           395825                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1928.238153                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            3898276                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           395825                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.848484                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     2484671325500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data  1928.238153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.941523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.941523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1934                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1931                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.944336                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4802091                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4802091                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data      2327697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2327697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data      1429539                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1429539                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data        43690                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        43690                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data        44630                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        44630                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data      3757236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total         3757236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data      3757236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total        3757236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data       239730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       239730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data       238143                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       238143                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data        16157                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        16157                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data        14524                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        14524                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data       477873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        477873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data       477873                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       477873                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   3538722500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3538722500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4924983000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4924983000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    129097000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    129097000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     76025500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     76025500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        16500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        16500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   8463705500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8463705500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   8463705500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8463705500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data      2567427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2567427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data      1667682                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1667682                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data        59847                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        59847                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data        59154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        59154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data      4235109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4235109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data      4235109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4235109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.093374                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.093374                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.142799                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.142799                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.269972                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.269972                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.245529                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.245529                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.112836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.112836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.112836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.112836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 14761.283527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14761.283527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20680.780036                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20680.780036                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  7990.159064                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7990.159064                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  5234.473974                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5234.473974                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17711.202558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17711.202558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17711.202558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17711.202558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       303029                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           303029                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       239730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       239730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       238143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       238143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        16157                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        16157                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        14524                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        14524                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       477873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       477873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       477873                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       477873                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data         4294                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         4294                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data         4390                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         4390                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   3298992500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3298992500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4686840000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4686840000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    112940000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112940000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     61504500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61504500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        13500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        13500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   7985832500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7985832500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   7985832500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7985832500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     18512500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     18512500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     18512500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     18512500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.093374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.142799                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.142799                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.269972                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269972                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.245529                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.245529                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.112836                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.112836                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.112836                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.112836                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 13761.283527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13761.283527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 19680.780036                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19680.780036                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  6990.159064                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6990.159064                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  4234.680529                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4234.680529                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16711.202558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16711.202558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16711.202558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16711.202558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 192838.541667                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 192838.541667                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data  4216.970387                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  4216.970387                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements          1552989                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          499.640273                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           11350484                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1552989                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs             7.308799                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      98299271500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   499.640273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.975860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.975860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          458                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         27371863                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        27371863                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst     11355665                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11355665                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst     11355665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        11355665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst     11355665                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       11355665                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst      1553511                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1553511                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst      1553511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total       1553511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst      1553511                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total      1553511                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  21515995000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21515995000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  21515995000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  21515995000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  21515995000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  21515995000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst     12909176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12909176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst     12909176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     12909176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst     12909176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     12909176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.120342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.120342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.120342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.120342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.120342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.120342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13849.914806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13849.914806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13849.914806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13849.914806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13849.914806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13849.914806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1552989                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total          1552989                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst      1553511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1553511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst      1553511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1553511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst      1553511                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1553511                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  19962484000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19962484000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  19962484000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19962484000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  19962484000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19962484000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.120342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.120342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.120342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 12849.914806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12849.914806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 12849.914806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12849.914806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 12849.914806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12849.914806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 326                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2836480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        368                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7484                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7484                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              202892                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             202892                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        33464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        19978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         3654                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        64360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       356392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       356392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  420752                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio       133856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2063                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          169                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9989                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio        14596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3827                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       164742                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2849952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2849952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  3014694                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             36391000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               628000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                20000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                20000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy               19000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy               18500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              172500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            17391000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             3621000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5233000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy               75500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           397028883                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            39260000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy           178600000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements               178132                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                1.598783                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               178132                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         2474142123003                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     1.598783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.024981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.024981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              1603764                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             1603764                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide       178196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total            178196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide       178196                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total           178196                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     76933247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76933247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  20508526636                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total  20508526636                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  20585459883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  20585459883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  20585459883                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  20585459883                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide       178196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total          178196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide       178196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total         178196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 190428.829208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 190428.829208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115351.234229                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115351.234229                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115521.447636                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115521.447636                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115521.447636                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115521.447636                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        180163                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                36038                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     4.999251                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          177728                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               177728                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide       178196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       178196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide       178196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       178196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     56733247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56733247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11612121335                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11612121335                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11668854582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11668854582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11668854582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11668854582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 140428.829208                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140428.829208                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65312.957473                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65312.957473                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65483.257660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65483.257660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65483.257660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65483.257660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                   1343926                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 65337.726783                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    12660709                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1343926                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      9.420689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               14599189000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1542.984064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      7355.453500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     33535.705384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst        86.585244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data       767.594853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst       331.904850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     17941.009280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst       960.155153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data      2816.334455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.023544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.112235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.511714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.001321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.011713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.005064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.273758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.014651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.042974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         65536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          910                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        37861                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        17576                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 331047488                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                331047488                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3668038                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          3668038                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      4749558                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          4749558                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             8896                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             1111                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data             8687                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data             5555                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                24249                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data           1315                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            684                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data           1373                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data           1771                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               5143                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            293354                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data             13399                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            341774                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data             79748                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                728275                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst        2971447                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst         394617                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst        2230769                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst        1545304                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            7142137                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       1753970                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data         44466                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data        396440                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data        144216                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           2339092                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              2971447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data              2047324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst               394617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data                57865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              2230769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data               738214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst              1545304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data               223964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 10209504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             2971447                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data             2047324                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst              394617                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data               57865                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             2230769                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data              738214                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst             1545304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data              223964                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                10209504                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             19                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data             57                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data             11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data             10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 97                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total                1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          716067                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           29138                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          145213                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data           32581                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              922999                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst        37011                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst         6756                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst        32726                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst         8171                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            84664                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       329012                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data         9780                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data        40860                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data        11104                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          390756                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              37011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data            1045079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               6756                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data              38918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              32726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data             186073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst               8171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data              43685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1398419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             37011                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data           1045079                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              6756                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data             38918                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             32726                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data            186073                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst              8171                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data             43685                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1398419                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       236000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       294000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       204500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       144500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       879000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        28500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        28500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  60439321000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2644921500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  12997501000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   3245328500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   79327072000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3252713000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    585655500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2871002000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    703000500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   7412371000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  27971651500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    892237500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3786251500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1315015000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  33965155500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3252713000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  88410972500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    585655500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3537159000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2871002000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  16783752500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    703000500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4560343500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     120704598500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3252713000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  88410972500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    585655500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3537159000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2871002000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  16783752500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    703000500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4560343500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    120704598500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3668038                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3668038                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      4749558                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      4749558                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         8915                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1168                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data         8698                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data         5565                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            24346                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1315                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          685                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data         1373                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data         1771                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           5144                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       1009421                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data         42537                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        486987                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data        112329                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1651274                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      3008458                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       401373                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      2263495                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst      1553475                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        7226801                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2082982                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        54246                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       437300                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data       155320                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       2729848                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          3008458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          3092403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst           401373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data            96783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          2263495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data           924287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst          1553475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data           267649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             11607923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         3008458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         3092403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst          401373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data           96783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         2263495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data          924287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst         1553475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data          267649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            11607923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002131                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.048801                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.001265                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.001797                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.003984                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.001460                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.000194                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.709384                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.685004                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.298187                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.290050                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.558962                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012302                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016832                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014458                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.005260                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.011715                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.157952                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.180290                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.093437                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.071491                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.143142                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.012302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.337950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.016832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.402116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.014458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.201315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.005260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.163217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.120471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.012302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.337950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.016832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.402116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.014458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.201315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.005260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.163217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.120471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12421.052632                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5157.894737                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 18590.909091                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        14450                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9061.855670                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        28500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        28500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84404.561305                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 90772.239001                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 89506.456034                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 99608.007735                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85944.916517                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87885.034179                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 86686.722913                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 87728.472774                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 86036.042100                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87550.446471                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85017.116397                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 91230.828221                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 92664.011258                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 118427.143372                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86921.648036                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87885.034179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84597.406033                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 86686.722913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 90887.481371                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 87728.472774                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 90199.827487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 86036.042100                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 104391.518828                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86315.044704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87885.034179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84597.406033                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 86686.722913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 90887.481371                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 87728.472774                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 90199.827487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 86036.042100                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 104391.518828                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86315.044704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               992249                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    992249                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           69                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           48                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           66                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total           190                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          187                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total          193                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst               7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              69                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst              66                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data               5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             69                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             48                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            187                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             66                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data              5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                383                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         1945                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          1945                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           57                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            97                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       716067                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        29138                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       145213                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        32581                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         922999                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        37004                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6687                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        32678                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         8105                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        84474                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       329012                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         9779                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        40673                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        11099                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       390563                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         37004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       1045079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          6687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         38917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         32678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        185886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          8105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         43680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1398036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        37004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1045079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        38917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        32678                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       185886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         8105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        43680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1398036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         5222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         9931                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         2939                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         7936                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data         4294                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        25100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        15153                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         2966                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         9671                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data         4390                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        32180                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       370500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1083500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       210500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       195000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1859500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        18500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  53278651000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2353541500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  11545371000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2919518500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  70097082000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2882264500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    512732000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2540617000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    616386500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6552000000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  24681531500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    794381000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3365603500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1203752000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30045268000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2882264500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  77960182500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    512732000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3147922500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2540617000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  14910974500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    616386500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4123270500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 106694350000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2882264500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  77960182500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    512732000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3147922500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2540617000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  14910974500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    616386500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4123270500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 106694350000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1124080000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      5864000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    336271000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     17312000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1483527000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1124080000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      5864000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    336271000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     17312000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1483527000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002131                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.048801                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.001265                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.001797                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003984                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.001460                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000194                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.709384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.685004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.298187                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.290050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.558962                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014437                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.005217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.157952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.180271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.093009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.071459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.143071                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012300                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.337950                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.402106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.201113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.005217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.163199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.120438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012300                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.337950                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.402106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.201113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.005217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.163199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.120438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19008.771930                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19136.363636                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19170.103093                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        18500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74404.561305                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 80772.239001                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 79506.456034                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 89608.007735                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75944.916517                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77890.619933                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76675.938388                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 77747.016341                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 76050.154226                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77562.326870                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75017.116397                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 81233.357194                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 82747.854842                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 108455.896928                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76928.096107                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77890.619933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74597.406033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76675.938388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 80888.108025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 77747.016341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 80215.694028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 76050.154226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 94397.218407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76317.312287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77890.619933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74597.406033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76675.938388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 80888.108025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 77747.016341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 80215.694028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 76050.154226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 94397.218407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76317.312287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 215258.521639                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 217185.185185                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 193816.138329                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 180333.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 209537.711864                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 74182.010163                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  1977.073500                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 34771.068142                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data  3943.507973                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 46100.901181                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       3226618                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1654360                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1141                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7080                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             482521                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              25100                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             25100                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1169977                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           336095                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            98018                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          39785                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            929510                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           922762                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        475441                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        177792                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         3078                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       356581                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       356581                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        64360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      4267687                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      4332047                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                4688628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2847696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2847696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       164742                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     38234336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     38399078                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                41246774                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                           147847                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                       8848                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1752726                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.002407                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.049003                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1748507     99.76%     99.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    4219      0.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1752726                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            63589500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          4256675979                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            4179173                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         3219737017                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     23828235                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     10305763                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      4600439                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          20060                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        19052                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         1008                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               7080                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          10220662                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             25100                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            25100                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4660287                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      7224744                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1133397                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          122030                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         44928                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         166958                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1773294                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1773294                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       7226990                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2986640                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         3662                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          263                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      9024946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      9466694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1203580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       318259                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      6790034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2878555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4659975                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1188335                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              35530378                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     96262720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     92001441                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     12835152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2589900                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     72423424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     25197669                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     49703424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      9164004                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              360177734                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1864433                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  21939328                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         13533656                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.425912                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.859822                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               10286960     76.01%     76.01% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                1559793     11.53%     87.54% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 856441      6.33%     93.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 830391      6.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                     63      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      6      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           13533656                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        17389152492                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           284408                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        3015280366                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3202863403                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy         402599508                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy         114385038                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy        2276440551                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy        1070916389                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy        1561597133                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy         482114771                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2537532036500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.008458                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8457875000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2545989911500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               28756965                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 28756858                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2124564221                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 758888                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     3.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   114480473                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     114480473                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          59056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         321424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst          19840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data          56624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst          59296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data         122608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst          16624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data         106960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             762432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        59056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        19840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst        59296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst        16624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        154816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1140320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1140320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst            3691                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           20089                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst            1240                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data            3539                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst            3706                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data            7663                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst            1039                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data            6685                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               47652                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         71270                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              71270                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           6982369                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          38002926                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst           2345743                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data           6694826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst           7010744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data          14496313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst           1965506                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data          12646203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              90144629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      6982369                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst      2345743                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst      7010744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst      1965506                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         18304361                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       134823463                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            134823463                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       134823463                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          6982369                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         38002926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst          2345743                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data          6694826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst          7010744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data         14496313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst          1965506                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data         12646203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            224968092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       47652                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      71270                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     47652                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    71270                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                3049280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1991872                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  762432                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1140320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                 40130                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              2865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              3937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              3738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              3856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              2682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              3106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              4493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             3063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             4720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             3594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             3442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             2081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              2860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              2170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             2385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             3059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             2919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             2450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             2172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    8457427000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                 47652                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                71270                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   47191                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     453                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    831                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   1941                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   1898                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   1958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   1885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   1836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   1802                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1790                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   1785                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   1945                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   1901                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   1825                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   1810                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   1788                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1762                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   1768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   1737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        13213                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    381.558768                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   225.626532                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   364.558096                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4008     30.33%     30.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2927     22.15%     52.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1368     10.35%     62.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          837      6.33%     69.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          600      4.54%     73.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          472      3.57%     77.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          360      2.72%     80.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          271      2.05%     82.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2370     17.94%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        13213                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1699                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      28.024720                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     39.399415                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           1070     62.98%     62.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-63           542     31.90%     94.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            60      3.53%     98.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           20      1.18%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      0.06%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            1      0.06%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            1      0.06%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            1      0.06%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::608-639            1      0.06%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::704-735            1      0.06%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::832-863            1      0.06%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          1699                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1699                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      18.318423                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.915644                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      4.683928                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17          1104     64.98%     64.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           163      9.59%     74.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           141      8.30%     82.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23           102      6.00%     88.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            82      4.83%     93.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            71      4.18%     97.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            10      0.59%     98.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30-31             4      0.24%     98.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-33             1      0.06%     98.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34-35             1      0.06%     98.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-37             4      0.24%     99.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38-39             1      0.06%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-41             1      0.06%     99.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::42-43             3      0.18%     99.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-45             2      0.12%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46-47             1      0.06%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-53             2      0.12%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::54-55             2      0.12%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-57             2      0.12%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::58-59             1      0.06%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::72-73             1      0.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          1699                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    736599000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              1629942750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  238225000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15460.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34210.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       360.53                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       235.51                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     90.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    134.82                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    41219                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   24338                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 86.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                78.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      71117.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    83.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 43668240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 23217810                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               163248960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               74113560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         659508720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1018924020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             44976480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1528261200                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       687421920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        296681520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             4540409370                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            536.826256                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           6104801250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     71101500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     279730000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    963790750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1790139750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2001649500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3351463500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 50658300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 26925525                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               176936340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               88348500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         634923120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            977210280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             33015840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1534669710                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       631763040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        353659740                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             4508579415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            533.062905                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           6223498500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     37772000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     269330000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1217127750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1645174000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1922888250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3365583000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                      145306                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                       497                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                   52425                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                     131106                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      125                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                          15                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                  25975                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                      276412                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                       622                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                           15                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                   78400                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                     255150                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                      268                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                 255418                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                 22                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           11                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    396773818.181818                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   329343232.400658                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           11    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value      8448500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    970154500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             11                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     4093363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   4364512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        16915750                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      11                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   67      4.51%      4.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.20%      4.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1223     82.41%     87.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     23      1.55%     88.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.07%     89.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.07%     89.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     134      9.03%     98.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  24      1.62%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       4      0.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  1484                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      2404                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              201                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                118                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                118                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                  118                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.587065                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.739812                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        7623465500     90.13%     90.13% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user           834994500      9.87%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      67                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     619     45.12%     45.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                      4      0.29%     45.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                      9      0.66%     46.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      2      0.15%     46.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    738     53.79%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                1372                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      617     49.48%     49.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                       4      0.32%     49.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                       9      0.72%     50.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       2      0.16%     50.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     615     49.32%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 1247                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0              8045168500     95.11%     95.11% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                3965000      0.05%     95.16% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                6639000      0.08%     95.24% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2947000      0.03%     95.27% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              399740500      4.73%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total          8458460000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.996769                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.833333                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.908892                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     754898                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       754898                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               726779                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3960                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      22986                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        76429                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      726779                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         3960                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            1017116                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            509010                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                2545                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               2507                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       277871                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     146409                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    131462                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              8729023.998968                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              8186726.001032                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.483971                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.516029                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           105096                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                14081      1.86%      1.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                   441058     58.38%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     732      0.10%     60.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   1217      0.16%     60.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     60.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                    230      0.03%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  149994     19.85%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 130668     17.29%     97.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead               1353      0.18%     97.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite              1160      0.15%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                 15042      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                    755535                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            56629                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1803.438447                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             221939                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            58677                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             3.782385                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  1803.438447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.880585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.880585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          857                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1093                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           334185                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          334185                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       121390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         121390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        93359                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         93359                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data         1705                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1705                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data         2071                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2071                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       214749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          214749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       214749                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         214749                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        21803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        35516                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        35516                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data          582                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          582                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data           71                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           71                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        57319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         57319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        57319                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        57319                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    709713500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    709713500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1510247500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1510247500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      8583000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      8583000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       373500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       373500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2219961000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2219961000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2219961000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2219961000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       143193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       143193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       128875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       128875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2287                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2287                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       272068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       272068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       272068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       272068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.152263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.152263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.275585                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.275585                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.254482                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.254482                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033147                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.033147                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.210679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.210679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.210679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.210679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32551.185617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32551.185617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42523.017795                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42523.017795                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14747.422680                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14747.422680                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5260.563380                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5260.563380                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38729.932483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38729.932483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38729.932483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38729.932483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        44171                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            44171                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        21803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        35516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        35516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          582                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          582                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           71                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        57319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        57319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        57319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        57319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data          603                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          603                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    687910500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    687910500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1474731500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1474731500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      8001000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8001000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       302500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       302500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2162642000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2162642000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2162642000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2162642000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    103687000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    103687000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    103687000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    103687000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.152263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.152263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.275585                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.275585                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.254482                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.254482                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033147                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033147                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.210679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.210679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.210679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.210679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31551.185617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31551.185617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 41523.017795                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41523.017795                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13747.422680                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13747.422680                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  4260.563380                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4260.563380                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37729.932483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37729.932483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37729.932483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37729.932483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 240016.203704                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 240016.203704                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 171951.907131                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 171951.907131                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            38155                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.998423                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             741940                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            38666                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            19.188434                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   511.998423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          290                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1549227                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         1549227                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       717378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         717378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       717378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          717378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       717378                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         717378                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst        38157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        38157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst        38157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         38157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst        38157                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        38157                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    782948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    782948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    782948000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    782948000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    782948000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    782948000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       755535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       755535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       755535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       755535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       755535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       755535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.050503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.050503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.050503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.050503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.050503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.050503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 20519.118379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20519.118379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 20519.118379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20519.118379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 20519.118379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20519.118379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks        38155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total            38155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        38157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        38157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        38157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    744791000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    744791000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    744791000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    744791000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    744791000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    744791000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.050503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.050503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.050503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 19519.118379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19519.118379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 19519.118379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19519.118379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 19519.118379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19519.118379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                       29341                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                       325                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                           12                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                    1841                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                      18467                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                       34                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           8                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                    895                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                       47808                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                       359                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           20                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                    2736                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                      25330                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      124                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                  25454                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numPwrStateTransitions                 30                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           16                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    480377843.750000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   397781674.639105                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           16    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    973068500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             16                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      771829500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   7686045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                        17576747                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      15                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   56     12.50%     12.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.12%     13.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  277     61.83%     75.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                     21      4.69%     80.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      78     17.41%     97.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.01%     99.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.45%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   448                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       963                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              120                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 66                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 14                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   66                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.558333                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.071429                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.670000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         692745500     10.92%     10.92% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            36736500      0.58%     11.50% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          5614596000     88.50%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      56                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     142     38.69%     38.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                      9      2.45%     41.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      0.82%     41.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    213     58.04%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 367                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      142     48.46%     48.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                       9      3.07%     51.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.02%     52.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     139     47.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  293                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0              8640125000     98.31%     98.31% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                4511000      0.05%     98.36% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                4279500      0.05%     98.41% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              139458000      1.59%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total          8788373500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.652582                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.798365                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.committedInsts                     161678                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                       161678                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses               155628                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                   238                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                       3640                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts        18255                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                      155628                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                          238                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads             207284                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes            117437                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                 120                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                121                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                        48899                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                      30210                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                     18689                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              15972768.240911                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              1603978.759089                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.091256                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.908744                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                            23269                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                 2910      1.80%      1.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                   101815     62.83%     64.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     179      0.11%     64.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                     31      0.02%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      3      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                   31255     19.29%     84.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                  18612     11.48%     95.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                104      0.06%     95.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite               100      0.06%     95.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                  7048      4.35%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                    162057                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             7950                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1838.371763                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              70879                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             9776                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             7.250307                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  1838.371763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.897642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.897642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1826                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1823                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.891602                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            56886                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           56886                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data        24518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          24518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data        14429                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         14429                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data          424                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          424                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data          481                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          481                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data        38947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           38947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data        38947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          38947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data         4843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data         3609                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3609                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data           25                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           25                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data         8452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          8452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data         8452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         8452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     88030000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88030000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    274070500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    274070500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1465500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1465500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       151000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       151000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    362100500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    362100500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    362100500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    362100500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data        29361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data        18038                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        18038                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data          508                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          508                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data          506                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          506                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data        47399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        47399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data        47399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        47399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.164947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.164947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.200078                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.200078                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.165354                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.165354                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.049407                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.049407                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.178316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.178316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.178316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.178316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18176.749948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18176.749948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75940.842339                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75940.842339                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17446.428571                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17446.428571                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data         6040                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         6040                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 42841.990062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42841.990062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 42841.990062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42841.990062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5404                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             5404                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3609                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3609                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           25                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         8452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         8452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data           29                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     83187000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83187000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    270461500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    270461500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1381500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1381500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       126000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       126000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    353648500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    353648500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    353648500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    353648500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       676000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       676000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.164947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.164947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.200078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.200078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.165354                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.165354                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.049407                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049407                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.178316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.178316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.178316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.178316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17176.749948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17176.749948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 74940.842339                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74940.842339                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16446.428571                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16446.428571                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data         5040                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         5040                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 41841.990062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41841.990062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 41841.990062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41841.990062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       169000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       169000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 23310.344828                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 23310.344828                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             8848                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             160589                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             9360                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            17.156944                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          458                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           332962                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          332962                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst       153209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         153209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst       153209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          153209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst       153209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         153209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst         8848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         8848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst         8848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          8848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         8848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         8848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    209268000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    209268000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    209268000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    209268000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    209268000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    209268000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       162057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       162057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst       162057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       162057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst       162057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       162057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.054598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.054598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.054598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.054598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.054598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.054598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 23651.446655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23651.446655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 23651.446655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23651.446655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 23651.446655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23651.446655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         8848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             8848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         8848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         8848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         8848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    200420000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    200420000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    200420000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    200420000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    200420000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    200420000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.054598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.054598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.054598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 22651.446655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22651.446655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 22651.446655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22651.446655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 22651.446655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22651.446655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                      122648                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                       364                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                   19544                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                      82243                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                       71                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                          12                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                  10985                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                      204891                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                       435                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                           12                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                   30529                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                     122210                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                      335                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                 122545                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numPwrStateTransitions                 78                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           40                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    141754862.500000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   264322236.236087                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           40    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    972643500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             40                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     2787680500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   5670194500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                        17576669                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      39                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    5      0.26%      0.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   62      3.28%      3.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.16%      3.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1584     83.77%     87.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                     62      3.28%     90.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.05%     90.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     112      5.92%     96.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  34      1.80%     98.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       6      0.32%     98.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                 21      1.11%     99.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.05%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                  1891                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      2700                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              174                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 86                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 86                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   86                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.494253                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.661538                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        8349526000     95.07%     95.07% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user           433230500      4.93%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      62                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     606     35.17%     35.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                     17      0.99%     36.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                      9      0.52%     36.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      0.17%     36.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   1088     63.15%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                1723                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      606     48.83%     48.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                      17      1.37%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                       9      0.73%     50.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      0.24%     51.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     606     48.83%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 1241                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0              7983925000     90.85%     90.85% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21               15144500      0.17%     91.02% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                5683000      0.06%     91.08% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                4095500      0.05%     91.13% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              779486500      8.87%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total          8788334500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.556985                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.720255                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     609179                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                       609179                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses               586368                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1905                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      20123                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts        62495                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                      586368                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                         1905                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads             802246                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            433692                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                 936                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                881                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       206091                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     123562                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                     82529                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              11783471.841085                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              5793197.158915                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.329596                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.670404                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                            88964                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                 9455      1.55%      1.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                   373333     61.24%     62.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    1004      0.16%     62.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     62.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                    307      0.05%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     11      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                     18      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  127017     20.84%     83.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                  82208     13.48%     97.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                764      0.13%     97.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite               805      0.13%     97.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                 14704      2.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                    609626                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            29731                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1510.659749                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             178508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            30908                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs             5.775463                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data  1510.659749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.737627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.737627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.574707                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           236520                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          236520                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data       105463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         105463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data        63859                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         63859                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data         1787                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1787                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data         2116                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2116                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data       169322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          169322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data       169322                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         169322                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data        15302                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        15302                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data        16015                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        16015                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data          522                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          522                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data        31317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         31317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data        31317                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        31317                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    303229000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    303229000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    640477500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    640477500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      7955000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      7955000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       767500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       767500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data    943706500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    943706500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data    943706500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    943706500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data       120765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data        79874                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79874                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data         2309                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2309                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data         2293                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2293                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data       200639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       200639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data       200639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       200639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.126709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.126709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.200503                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.200503                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.226072                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.226072                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.077191                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.077191                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.156086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.156086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.156086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.156086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19816.298523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19816.298523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 39992.350921                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39992.350921                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15239.463602                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15239.463602                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  4336.158192                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4336.158192                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 30134.000702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30134.000702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 30134.000702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30134.000702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        23446                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            23446                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        15302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        16015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          522                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          522                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        31317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        31317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        31317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        31317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data          291                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          291                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    287927000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    287927000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    624462500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    624462500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      7433000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7433000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       590500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       590500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    912389500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    912389500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    912389500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    912389500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     22633000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     22633000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     22633000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     22633000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.126709                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126709                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.200503                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.200503                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.226072                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226072                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.077191                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077191                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.156086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.156086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.156086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.156086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 18816.298523                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18816.298523                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 38992.350921                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38992.350921                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14239.463602                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14239.463602                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  3336.158192                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3336.158192                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 29134.000702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29134.000702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 29134.000702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29134.000702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 182524.193548                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 182524.193548                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 77776.632302                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 77776.632302                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            58710                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.997702                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs             556259                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            59222                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs             9.392776                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   511.997702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          435                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1277965                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses         1277965                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst       550913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         550913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst       550913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          550913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst       550913                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         550913                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst        58713                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        58713                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst        58713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         58713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst        58713                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        58713                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1055653500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1055653500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1055653500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1055653500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1055653500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1055653500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       609626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       609626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst       609626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       609626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst       609626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       609626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.096310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.096310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.096310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.096310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 17979.893720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17979.893720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 17979.893720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17979.893720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 17979.893720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17979.893720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks        58710                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total            58710                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        58713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        58713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        58713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    996940500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    996940500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    996940500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    996940500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    996940500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    996940500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.096310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.096310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.096310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 16979.893720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16979.893720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 16979.893720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16979.893720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 16979.893720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16979.893720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                       69933                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                       343                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                           12                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                    2056                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                      44133                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                       38                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           9                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                   1460                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                      114066                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                       381                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                           21                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                    3516                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                      31594                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                      130                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                  31724                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numPwrStateTransitions                 74                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           38                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    180114934.210526                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   335539229.547334                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           38    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    972780500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             38                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     1613507500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   6844367500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                        17576789                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      37                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.39%      0.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   69      6.79%      7.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.49%      7.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  792     77.95%     85.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                     49      4.82%     90.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.10%     90.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                      85      8.37%     98.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      0.89%     99.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.20%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                  1016                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1563                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              154                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 69                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 69                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   69                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.448052                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.618834                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        8802046500     99.61%     99.61% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            34219500      0.39%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      69                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     369     41.37%     41.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                      9      1.01%     42.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      7      0.78%     43.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    507     56.84%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 892                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      368     49.26%     49.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                       9      1.20%     50.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       7      0.94%     51.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     363     48.59%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  747                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0              8449099500     96.14%     96.14% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                5119500      0.06%     96.20% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                9622500      0.11%     96.31% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31              324553000      3.69%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total          8788394500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.997290                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.715976                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.837444                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     351731                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                       351731                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses               339771                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                   910                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      10478                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts        41433                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                      339771                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                          910                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads             456544                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes            249753                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                 419                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                429                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                       115309                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                      70903                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                     44406                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              14223667.693045                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              3353121.306955                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.190770                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.809230                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                            55304                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                 4434      1.26%      1.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                   219111     62.22%     63.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                     668      0.19%     63.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     63.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                    115      0.03%     63.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     63.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     63.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     63.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     63.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      3      0.00%     63.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     63.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     63.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     63.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     63.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     63.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     63.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     63.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     63.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     63.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     63.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     63.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     63.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     63.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     63.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     63.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     63.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                   73332     20.83%     84.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                  44086     12.52%     97.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                403      0.11%     97.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite               389      0.11%     97.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                  9592      2.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                    352133                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements            14872                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1879.467557                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             105320                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            16787                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.273902                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data  1879.467557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.917709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.917709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1915                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1912                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.935059                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           130832                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          130832                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data        60886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          60886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data        34934                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         34934                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data         1027                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1027                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data         1255                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1255                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data        95820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           95820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data        95820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          95820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data         8287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data         7881                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7881                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data          316                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          316                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data           81                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           81                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data        16168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         16168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data        16168                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        16168                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    177112500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    177112500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    516957000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    516957000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      4721500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      4721500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       422000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       422000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data    694069500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    694069500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data    694069500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    694069500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data        69173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        69173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data        42815                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        42815                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data         1343                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1343                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data         1336                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1336                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data       111988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       111988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data       111988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       111988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.119801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.119801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.184071                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.184071                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.235294                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.235294                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.060629                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.060629                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.144373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.144373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.144373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.144373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 21372.330156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21372.330156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 65595.355919                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65595.355919                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 14941.455696                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14941.455696                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  5209.876543                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5209.876543                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 42928.593518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42928.593518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 42928.593518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42928.593518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        11301                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total            11301                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         8287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         7881                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7881                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          316                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          316                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           81                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           81                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        16168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        16168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        16168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data          123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data          155                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          155                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    168825500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    168825500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    509076000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    509076000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      4405500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4405500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       341000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       341000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    677901500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    677901500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    677901500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    677901500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      5421000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      5421000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      5421000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      5421000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.119801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.184071                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.184071                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.235294                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235294                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.060629                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060629                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.144373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.144373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.144373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.144373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20372.330156                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20372.330156                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 64595.355919                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64595.355919                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 13941.455696                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13941.455696                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  4209.876543                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4209.876543                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 41928.593518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41928.593518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 41928.593518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41928.593518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 169406.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 169406.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 34974.193548                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 34974.193548                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements            29364                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             327950                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs            29876                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            10.977038                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          453                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           733630                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          733630                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst       322769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         322769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst       322769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          322769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst       322769                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         322769                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst        29364                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        29364                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst        29364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total         29364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst        29364                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total        29364                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    465663500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    465663500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    465663500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    465663500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    465663500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    465663500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst       352133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       352133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst       352133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       352133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst       352133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       352133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.083389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.083389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.083389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.083389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.083389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.083389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 15858.312900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15858.312900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 15858.312900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15858.312900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 15858.312900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15858.312900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks        29364                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total            29364                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst        29364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst        29364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        29364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst        29364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    436299500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    436299500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    436299500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    436299500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    436299500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    436299500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.083389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.083389                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083389                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.083389                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083389                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14858.312900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14858.312900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14858.312900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14858.312900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14858.312900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14858.312900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  87                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   724992                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         90                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  622                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 622                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               45798                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              45798                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2156                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        90684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        90684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   92840                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          572                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          407                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         2047                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       725232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       725232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   727279                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy               236500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                23000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               32500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              925000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy              641500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           101102164                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1670000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            45372000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                45342                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      64                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                45406                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           64                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               408078                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              408078                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        45342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             45342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        45342                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            45342                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      3597485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3597485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5283126679                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   5283126679                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5286724164                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   5286724164                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5286724164                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   5286724164                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        45342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           45342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        45342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          45342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 119916.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119916.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 116594.427061                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116594.427061                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 116596.624851                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116596.624851                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 116596.624851                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116596.624851                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         48533                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 8749                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     5.547263                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           45312                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                45312                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        45342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        45342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      2097485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2097485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3015166348                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3015166348                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3017263833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3017263833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3017263833                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3017263833                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 69916.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69916.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 66542.336423                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66542.336423                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 66544.568678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66544.568678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 66544.568678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66544.568678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     44129                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 64577.925526                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     6927832                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    109029                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     63.541186                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1908.560073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      4584.945069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     25056.178222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      1970.722115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data      6841.923884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst      6023.088041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     10674.199587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst      1923.624124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data      5594.684411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.029122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.069961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.382327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.030071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.104399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.091905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.162875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.029352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.085368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.985381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         64900                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          777                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        35925                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        20075                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.990295                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   7299847                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  7299847                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        84322                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            84322                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       111283                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           111283                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               36                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data               18                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data               48                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data               91                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  193                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data              4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data             20683                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data               430                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data              8655                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data              1665                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 31433                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst          34464                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst           7608                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst          55007                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst          28325                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             125404                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         15146                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data          2937                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data         11855                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data          6706                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             36644                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                34464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                35829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                 7608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data                 3367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                55007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data                20510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                28325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data                 8371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   193481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst               34464                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               35829                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                7608                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data                3367                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst               55007                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data               20510                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst               28325                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data                8371                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  193481                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data              4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data              3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total                2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           14359                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data            3111                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data            6194                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data            5738                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               29402                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         3691                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1240                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst         3706                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst         1039                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             9676                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         5769                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data          429                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data         1481                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data          957                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            8636                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               3691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              20128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               1240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data               3540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst               3706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data               7675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst               1039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data               6695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  47714                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              3691                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             20128                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              1240                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data              3540                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst              3706                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data              7675                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst              1039                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data              6695                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 47714                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        59000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        29500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        88500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        30500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        30500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1202392500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    260068000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    507246500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    477955000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2447662000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    319886500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    104832000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    320538000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     89041000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    834297500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    499096500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     43203500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    140996000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     86942500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    770238500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    319886500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1701489000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    104832000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    303271500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    320538000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data    648242500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     89041000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data    564897500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4052198000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    319886500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1701489000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    104832000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    303271500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    320538000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data    648242500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     89041000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data    564897500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4052198000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        84322                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        84322                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       111283                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       111283                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           36                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           48                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data           94                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              200                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         35042                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data          3541                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data         14849                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data          7403                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             60835                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        38155                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         8848                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst        58713                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst        29364                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         135080                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        20915                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data         3366                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        13336                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data         7663                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         45280                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst            38155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            55957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             8848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data             6907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst            58713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data            28185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst            29364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data            15066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               241195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst           38155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           55957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            8848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data            6907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst           58713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data           28185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst           29364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data           15066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              241195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.181818                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.031915                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.035000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.076923                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.409765                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.878565                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.417132                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.775091                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.483307                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.096737                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.140145                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.063121                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.035383                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.071632                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.275831                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.127451                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.111053                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.124886                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.190724                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.096737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.359705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.140145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.512524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.063121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.272308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.035383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.444378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.197823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.096737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.359705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.140145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.512524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.063121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.272308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.035383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.444378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.197823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        14750                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  9833.333333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12642.857143                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        15250                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        15250                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83737.899575                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 83596.271295                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 81893.203100                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 83296.444754                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83248.146385                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 86666.621512                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 84541.935484                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 86491.635186                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 85698.748797                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86223.387764                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86513.520541                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 100707.459207                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 95203.241053                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 90849.007315                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89189.265864                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 86666.621512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84533.436010                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 84541.935484                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 85669.915254                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 86491.635186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 84461.563518                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 85698.748797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 84376.026886                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84926.813933                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 86666.621512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84533.436010                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 84541.935484                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 85669.915254                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 86491.635186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 84461.563518                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 85698.748797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 84376.026886                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84926.813933                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                25958                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     25958                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          183                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           183                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14359                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3111                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         6194                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         5738                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          29402                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         3691                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1240                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         3706                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1039                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         9676                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5769                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          429                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         1481                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          957                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         8636                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          3691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         20128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          1240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          3540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          3706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          7675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          1039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          6695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             47714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         3691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        20128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1240                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3540                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         3706                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         7675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         6695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            47714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data          123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          486                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data          603                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data           29                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data          291                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data          155                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1078                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        78000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        59500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       137500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        40000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1058802500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    228958000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    445306500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    420575000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2153642000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    282976500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     92432000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    283478000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     78651000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    737537500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    441406500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     38913500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    126186000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     77372500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    683878500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    282976500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1500209000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     92432000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    267871500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    283478000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    571492500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     78651000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    497947500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3575058000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    282976500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1500209000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     92432000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    267871500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    283478000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    571492500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     78651000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    497947500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3575058000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     98280000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       626000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     21082000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      5020000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    125008000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     98280000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       626000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     21082000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      5020000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    125008000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.181818                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.031915                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076923                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.409765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.878565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.417132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.775091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.096737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.140145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.063121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.035383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.275831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.127451                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.111053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.124886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.096737                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.359705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.140145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.512524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.063121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.272308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.035383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.444378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.197823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.096737                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.359705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.140145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.512524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.063121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.272308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.035383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.444378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.197823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 19833.333333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19642.857143                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        20000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73737.899575                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 73596.271295                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 71893.203100                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 73296.444754                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73248.146385                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76666.621512                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 74541.935484                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 76491.635186                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 75698.748797                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76223.387764                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76513.520541                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 90707.459207                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 85203.241053                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 80849.007315                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79189.265864                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76666.621512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74533.436010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 74541.935484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75669.915254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 76491.635186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 74461.563518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 75698.748797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 74376.026886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74926.813933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76666.621512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74533.436010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 74541.935484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75669.915254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 76491.635186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 74461.563518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 75698.748797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 74376.026886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74926.813933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data       227500                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       156500                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 170016.129032                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       156875                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 211162.162162                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 162985.074627                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 21586.206897                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 72446.735395                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 32387.096774                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 115962.894249                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        181891                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        94639                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          209                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 592                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              18934                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                486                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               486                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        71270                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            16204                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1024                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            330                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             29409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            29340                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         18342                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         45312                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         5667                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        90684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        90684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2156                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       138859                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       141015                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 231699                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2047                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1177760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1179807                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1904799                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             7049                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                        480                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             95495                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.061532                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.240305                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   89619     93.85%     93.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    5876      6.15%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               95495                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             1858500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           252105336                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            6092073                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy          110557250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       494455                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       230867                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        53256                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           3456                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3267                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          189                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                592                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            187433                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               486                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              486                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       110280                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       135077                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           43031                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1155                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           354                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1509                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            61866                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           61866                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        135082                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        51769                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         5846                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          521                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       114467                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       172187                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        26544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        23505                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       176136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        90578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        88092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        47064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                738573                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1220960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1602812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       283136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       197108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1878768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       827111                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       939648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       422328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                7371871                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           59321                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    535520                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           301279                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.224715                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.624409                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 258024     85.64%     85.64% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  26848      8.91%     94.55% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                   8368      2.78%     97.33% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                   8038      2.67%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             301279                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          357709499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           293973                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          38184943                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          58397900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy           8865964                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy           8572921                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy          58762900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy          31902904                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy          29406914                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy          16517381                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8457875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
