
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.461130                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2461129858500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2461129858500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 237055                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   237055                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5198687805                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750700                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   473.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   112224957                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     112224957                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         742240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       21454560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst          16736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data         332992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         659744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data        3498048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst         257632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data        1130080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::tsunami.ide         4032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           28096064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       742240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        16736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       659744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst       257632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1676352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     21459136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        21459136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst           23195                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          670455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst             523                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data           10406                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst           20617                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data          109314                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst            8051                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data           35315                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::tsunami.ide           126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              878002                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        670598                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             670598                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            301585                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data           8717362                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst              6800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data            135300                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst            268065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data           1421318                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst            104680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data            459171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::tsunami.ide            1638                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              11415921                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       301585                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         6800                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst       268065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst       104680                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           681131                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         8719221                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              8719221                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         8719221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           301585                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data          8717362                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst             6800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data           135300                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst           268065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data          1421318                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst           104680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data           459171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::tsunami.ide           1638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             20135142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      878002                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     670598                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    878002                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   670598                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               56176448                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   15680                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                30659136                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                28096064                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             21459136                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    245                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                191523                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             51953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             56436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             52947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             54329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             59922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             57767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             60365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             56638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             50464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             53924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            50541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            54348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            54852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            50911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            52814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            59546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             29963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             32032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             29960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             32241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             30682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             30909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             30506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             31635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             25914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             28739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            27090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            29986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            27956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            28493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            29652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            33291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                        75                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2461128272500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                878002                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5               670598                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  875614                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    1905                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                      10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                      14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                      15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                      23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   5674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   6874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  28753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  28475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  28275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  28708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  28800                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  28964                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  30220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  29064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  29066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  30004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  28816                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  28873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  28740                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  28581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  28115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  28067                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                    239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                    243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                    241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                    175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                    192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                    162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                    130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                    164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                    113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                    104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                    108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                    102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                    122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                     96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                     76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                     55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                     86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                    114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                    152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                     82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                     77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                     98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       235374                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    368.925710                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   209.520409                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   371.415997                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        81138     34.47%     34.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        51501     21.88%     56.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        20493      8.71%     65.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        12878      5.47%     70.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         8230      3.50%     74.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         6561      2.79%     76.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         5891      2.50%     79.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         5949      2.53%     81.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        42733     18.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       235374                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        27815                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      31.556139                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    479.712818                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047        27811     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18432-20479            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::47104-49151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::59392-61439            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         27815                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        27815                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.222686                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.872479                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      5.230478                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         26596     95.62%     95.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-23            73      0.26%     95.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           405      1.46%     97.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-31            65      0.23%     97.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           251      0.90%     98.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-39            82      0.29%     98.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           201      0.72%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            21      0.08%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-51             7      0.03%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-55            18      0.06%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-59             7      0.03%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::60-63             6      0.02%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-67             5      0.02%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::68-71            12      0.04%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            11      0.04%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::76-79             8      0.03%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            11      0.04%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::84-87             1      0.00%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::88-91            10      0.04%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::92-95            11      0.04%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::96-99             5      0.02%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            3      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::108-111            1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::112-115            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::124-127            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         27815                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  15786087249                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             32244030999                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 4388785000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     17984.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                36734.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        22.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        12.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     11.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      8.72                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.22                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   762839                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  358592                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 86.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                74.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1589260.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    82.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                861476700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                457881930                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              3215548980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1294184160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         15698520240.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          18270129060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy            999727680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     35396948130                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     18591897600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     552476784120                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           647269008900                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            262.996691                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2418445754499                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1601636750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    6666814000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 2292405879250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  48416515000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   34414038251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  77624975249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                819100800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                435362400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              3051636000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1206451620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         15919176000.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          18379078290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy            997606080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     35407012050                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     19493943360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     551866051260                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           647582197980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            263.123945                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2418210058493                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1625951500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    6760208000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 2289799354000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  50765401000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   34532244757                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  77646699243                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    11575829                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      2643                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  208897                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5674225                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      389                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                          34                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                  91736                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    17250054                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                      3032                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                           34                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  300633                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    2375763                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                     1106                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                2376869                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions              14120                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         7060                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    321475984.844193                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   450326804.541458                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         7060    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        33000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2000000000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           7060                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   191509405500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2269620453000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                      4922259717                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    7060                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                 1062      0.83%      0.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 2040      1.59%      2.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       9      0.01%      2.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      2.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               115635     90.32%     92.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   5232      4.09%     96.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     96.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     4      0.00%     96.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     4      0.00%     96.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     96.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    3858      3.01%     99.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 131      0.10%     99.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                      44      0.03%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                128033                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    135454                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5769                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                472                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                471                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                  472                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.081643                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.151098                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      2458623117500     99.90%     99.90% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          2505687000      0.10%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    2041                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   46915     38.22%     38.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     11      0.01%     38.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   2480      2.02%     40.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    756      0.62%     40.87% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  72579     59.13%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              122741                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    46763     48.70%     48.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      11      0.01%     48.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    2480      2.58%     51.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     756      0.79%     52.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   46007     47.92%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                96017                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2387071882000     96.99%     96.99% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                9645500      0.00%     96.99% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1319292500      0.05%     97.04% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30              816866000      0.03%     97.08% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            71911120500      2.92%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2461128806500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.996760                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.633889                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.782273                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   68097034                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     68097034                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             65794982                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                228304                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    2220950                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      9067299                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    65794982                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       228304                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           89374890                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          50128120                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               77002                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              78466                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     17274996                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   11589928                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5685068                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              4539240905.998156                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              383018811.001844                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.077814                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.922186                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         11701349                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              1396609      2.05%      2.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 48263159     70.87%     72.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  151472      0.22%     73.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     73.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  93756      0.14%     73.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                   1738      0.00%     73.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                11841695     17.39%     90.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                5637403      8.28%     98.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead              68008      0.10%     99.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite             64802      0.10%     99.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                581458      0.85%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  68100100                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          2308584                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1015.929666                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           14885197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          2308584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.447761                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        168203500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  1015.929666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.992119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          785                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        554444388                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       554444388                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      9588207                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        9588207                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      4855851                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4855851                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       209875                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       209875                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       212881                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       212881                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     14444058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        14444058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     14444058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       14444058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      1768903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1768903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       590432                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       590432                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data        15082                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        15082                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data        11778                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        11778                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      2359335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2359335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      2359335                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2359335                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  42594342000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42594342000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  37799497000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  37799497000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    153094500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    153094500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     61159000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     61159000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  80393839000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80393839000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  80393839000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80393839000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     11357110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11357110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5446283                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5446283                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       224957                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       224957                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       224659                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       224659                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     16803393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16803393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     16803393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16803393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.155753                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.155753                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.108410                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.108410                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.067044                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.067044                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.052426                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.052426                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.140408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.140408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.140408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.140408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24079.523863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24079.523863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64020.068357                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64020.068357                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10150.808911                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10150.808911                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5192.647309                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5192.647309                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34074.787599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34074.787599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34074.787599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34074.787599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1943786                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          1943786                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1768903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1768903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       590432                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       590432                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        15082                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        15082                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        11778                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        11778                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      2359335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2359335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      2359335                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2359335                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         5218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         9845                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9845                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        15063                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15063                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  40825439000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40825439000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  37209065000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37209065000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    138012500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    138012500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     49381000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49381000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  78034504000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  78034504000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  78034504000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  78034504000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1188715000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1188715000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1188715000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1188715000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.155753                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.155753                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.108410                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.108410                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.067044                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067044                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.052426                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052426                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.140408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.140408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.140408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.140408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 23079.523863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23079.523863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 63020.068357                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63020.068357                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  9150.808911                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9150.808911                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  4192.647309                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4192.647309                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33074.787599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33074.787599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33074.787599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33074.787599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227810.463779                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227810.463779                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 78916.218549                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 78916.218549                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements          1833609                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.957113                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           66250831                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1833609                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            36.131384                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       1400415500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   255.957113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        138034105                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       138034105                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     66266198                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       66266198                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     66266198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        66266198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     66266198                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       66266198                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst      1833903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1833903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst      1833903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       1833903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst      1833903                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      1833903                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  26213168500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26213168500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  26213168500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  26213168500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  26213168500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  26213168500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     68100101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     68100101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     68100101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     68100101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     68100101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     68100101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.026930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.026930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.026930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14293.650482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14293.650482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14293.650482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14293.650482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14293.650482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14293.650482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1833609                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total          1833609                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      1833903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1833903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      1833903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1833903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      1833903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1833903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  24379265500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24379265500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  24379265500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24379265500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  24379265500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24379265500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.026930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.026930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.026930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13293.650482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13293.650482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13293.650482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13293.650482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13293.650482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13293.650482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                      992238                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                       620                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                           24                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                    3850                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                     562816                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                       64                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          15                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                   2119                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     1555054                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                       684                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           39                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                    5969                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                     591466                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      234                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                 591700                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numPwrStateTransitions               5911                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2956                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    829003007.273342                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   310992965.484285                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         2956    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value      1000000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    974049000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           2956                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    10596969000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2450532889500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                      4921881056                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    2956                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                   60      0.14%      0.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  239      0.55%      0.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       9      0.02%      0.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.02%      0.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                35188     81.42%     82.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   4897     11.33%     93.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     93.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.00%     93.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.01%     93.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    2771      6.41%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  35      0.08%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 43217                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     46767                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              324                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                143                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               2653                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                206                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  143                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                   63                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.635802                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.023747                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.132051                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        2737197500      0.11%      0.11% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            66022000      0.00%      0.11% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        2449044845000     99.89%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     240                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   11134     27.46%     27.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   2448      6.04%     33.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    144      0.36%     33.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  26825     66.15%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               40551                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    11097     45.03%     45.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    2448      9.93%     54.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     144      0.58%     55.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   10955     44.45%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                24644                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2382210967000     96.80%     96.80% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1056321000      0.04%     96.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30              137646500      0.01%     96.85% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31            77535579500      3.15%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2460940514000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.996677                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.408388                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.607729                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    4555203                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      4555203                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              4354703                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                 11033                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     180505                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       358292                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     4354703                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                        11033                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads            5917262                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           3390695                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                5395                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               5528                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1560830                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                     994565                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    566265                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              4900688748.413319                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              21192307.586682                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.004306                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.995694                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           635949                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                31351      0.69%      0.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  2727582     59.87%     60.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   15272      0.34%     60.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                    536      0.01%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                     11      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1011614     22.20%     83.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 561483     12.32%     95.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead               5315      0.12%     95.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite              5171      0.11%     95.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                197591      4.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   4555926                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements            17697                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          960.319603                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            1422486                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            17697                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            80.380064                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      79718928500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   960.319603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.937812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.937812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          698                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          652                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.681641                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         49769942                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        49769942                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data       958716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         958716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data       534614                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        534614                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        18921                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18921                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data         9646                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9646                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      1493330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         1493330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      1493330                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        1493330                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data        15256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        15256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        14466                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        14466                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         1007                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1007                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data         1814                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1814                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data        29722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         29722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data        29722                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        29722                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    227001500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    227001500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    922201000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    922201000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      7401000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      7401000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     14147000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     14147000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        16000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        16000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1149202500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1149202500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1149202500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1149202500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data       973972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       973972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data       549080                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       549080                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        19928                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19928                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        11460                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        11460                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      1523052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1523052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      1523052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1523052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.015664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.026346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.050532                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.050532                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.158290                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.158290                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.019515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.019515                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019515                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14879.490037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14879.490037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 63749.550671                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63749.550671                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7349.553128                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7349.553128                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7798.787211                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7798.787211                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 38665.046094                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38665.046094                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 38665.046094                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38665.046094                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13587                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            13587                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        15256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        14466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        14466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1007                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         1007                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1814                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         1814                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        29722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        29722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        29722                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29722                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         2875                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         2875                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         2896                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         2896                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    211745500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    211745500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    907735000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    907735000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      6394000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6394000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     12336000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12336000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        13000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        13000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1119480500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1119480500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1119480500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1119480500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      5044000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      5044000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      5044000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      5044000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.015664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026346                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026346                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.050532                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050532                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.158290                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158290                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.019515                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019515                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.019515                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019515                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13879.490037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13879.490037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 62749.550671                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62749.550671                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6349.553128                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6349.553128                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6800.441014                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6800.441014                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 37665.046094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37665.046094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 37665.046094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37665.046094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 240190.476190                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 240190.476190                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  1741.712707                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  1741.712707                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           211141                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          251.579658                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            4334647                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           211141                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            20.529632                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      71726950500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   251.579658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.982733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.982733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses          9323249                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses         9323249                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      4344529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        4344529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      4344529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         4344529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      4344529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        4344529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       211397                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       211397                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       211397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        211397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       211397                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       211397                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2861516500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2861516500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2861516500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2861516500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2861516500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2861516500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      4555926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4555926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      4555926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      4555926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      4555926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      4555926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.046400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.046400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.046400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.046400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13536.220949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13536.220949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13536.220949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13536.220949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13536.220949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13536.220949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks       211141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total           211141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       211397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       211397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       211397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       211397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       211397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       211397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2650119500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2650119500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2650119500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2650119500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2650119500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2650119500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.046400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.046400                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046400                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.046400                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046400                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12536.220949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12536.220949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12536.220949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12536.220949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12536.220949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12536.220949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     4990536                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                      5523                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                           14                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                  476919                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    3156243                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                      513                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                          75                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                 169772                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                     8146779                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                      6036                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                           89                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                  646691                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                    2999142                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                     3020                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           1                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                3002162                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numPwrStateTransitions              10617                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         5309                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    450729655.113957                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   456863510.925260                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         5309    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value         8500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    974016000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           5309                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    68206119500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2392923739000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                      4921895980                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                    5309                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                 1430      1.49%      1.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      1.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      1.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                 3619      3.78%      5.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                      20      0.02%      5.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      5.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                79248     82.72%     88.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   5419      5.66%     93.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     93.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     3      0.00%     93.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     5      0.01%     93.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.00%     93.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    5648      5.90%     99.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 274      0.29%     99.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                     125      0.13%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 95806                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    109064                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             8515                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                781                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                781                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  781                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.091720                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.168029                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      2453605182500     99.79%     99.79% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user          5095008000      0.21%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                    3620                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                   33512     37.65%     37.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                    103      0.12%     37.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                   2449      2.75%     40.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                   1562      1.75%     42.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  51381     57.73%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               89007                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                    32749     48.12%     48.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                     103      0.15%     48.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                    2449      3.60%     51.87% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                    1562      2.30%     54.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                   31194     45.84%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                68057                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2360224198500     95.91%     95.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21               79773500      0.00%     95.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1090258000      0.04%     95.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30             1511155000      0.06%     96.02% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31            98042591000      3.98%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2460947976000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.977232                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.607112                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.764625                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   25824754                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     25824754                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             25060239                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                298753                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     777316                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      2636110                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    25060239                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                       298753                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           34978880                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          18881149                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads              149255                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes             152559                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      8189802                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    5016675                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   3173127                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              4785493821.365869                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              136402158.634131                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.027713                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.972287                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          3692105                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               187646      0.73%      0.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 16692505     64.62%     65.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   49200      0.19%     65.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     65.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  23378      0.09%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                   1873      0.01%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 4992153     19.33%     84.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                3096868     11.99%     96.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead             139340      0.54%     97.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite            134162      0.52%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                513754      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  25830879                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           234067                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          910.720095                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            7759481                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           234067                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            33.150683                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      75405830500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   910.720095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.889375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.889375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          829                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          757                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.809570                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        261780074                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       261780074                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      4758221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4758221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      2854363                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2854363                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data        57460                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        57460                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data        48069                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        48069                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      7612584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         7612584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      7612584                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        7612584                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       177849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       177849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       235652                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       235652                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data        15848                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        15848                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data        20856                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        20856                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data       413501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        413501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data       413501                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       413501                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4451250000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4451250000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9128324000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9128324000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    126419500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    126419500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     99283500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     99283500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        12500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        12500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  13579574000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13579574000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  13579574000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13579574000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      4936070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4936070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      3090015                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3090015                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        73308                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        73308                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data        68925                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        68925                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      8026085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8026085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      8026085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8026085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.036030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.076262                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.076262                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.216184                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.216184                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.302590                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.302590                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.051520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.051520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.051520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.051520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 25028.254306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25028.254306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 38736.458846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38736.458846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  7977.000252                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7977.000252                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  4760.428654                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4760.428654                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 32840.486480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32840.486480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 32840.486480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32840.486480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       162343                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           162343                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       177849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       177849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       235652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       235652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        15848                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        15848                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        20856                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        20856                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       413501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       413501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       413501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       413501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         1760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         7946                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7946                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         9706                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         9706                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4273401000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4273401000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   8892672000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8892672000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    110571500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110571500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     78429500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78429500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        10500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        10500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  13166073000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13166073000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  13166073000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13166073000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    363401000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    363401000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    363401000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    363401000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.036030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.076262                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076262                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.216184                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.216184                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.302590                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302590                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.051520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.051520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24028.254306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24028.254306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 37736.458846                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37736.458846                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  6977.000252                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6977.000252                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  3760.524549                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3760.524549                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 31840.486480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31840.486480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 31840.486480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31840.486480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 206477.840909                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 206477.840909                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 37440.861323                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 37440.861323                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements          1373214                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          251.544554                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           24453248                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1373214                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            17.807310                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      73705286500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   251.544554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.982596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.982596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         53035332                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        53035332                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst     24457305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       24457305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst     24457305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        24457305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst     24457305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       24457305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst      1373574                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1373574                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst      1373574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total       1373574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst      1373574                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total      1373574                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  20031371500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20031371500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  20031371500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  20031371500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  20031371500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  20031371500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst     25830879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     25830879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst     25830879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     25830879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst     25830879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     25830879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.053176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.053176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.053176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.053176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.053176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14583.394488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14583.394488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14583.394488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14583.394488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14583.394488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14583.394488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1373214                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total          1373214                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst      1373574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1373574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst      1373574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1373574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst      1373574                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1373574                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  18657797500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18657797500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  18657797500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18657797500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  18657797500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18657797500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.053176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.053176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.053176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13583.394488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13583.394488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13583.394488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13583.394488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13583.394488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13583.394488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                     2773712                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                      3798                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                           60                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                  128263                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                    1831332                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                      362                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                          52                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                  61300                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                     4605044                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                      4160                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                          112                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                  189563                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                    1772394                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                     1767                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                1774161                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numPwrStateTransitions               7115                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         3558                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    681303983.558179                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   400819895.952107                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         3558    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        97500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    974040500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           3558                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    37050285000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2424079573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                      4921881157                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                    3558                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                  636      0.70%      0.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1778      1.95%      2.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                      27      0.03%      2.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      2.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                79070     86.81%     89.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   4988      5.48%     94.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     94.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%     94.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.00%     94.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                    4389      4.82%     99.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                 121      0.13%     99.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                      63      0.07%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 91088                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                    100306                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5545                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                582                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                582                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                  582                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.104959                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.189979                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      2457321346000     99.93%     99.93% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user          1599788500      0.07%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                    1779                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                   30072     34.71%     34.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                   2447      2.82%     37.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                    808      0.93%     38.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                  53310     61.53%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               86637                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                    29439     47.88%     47.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                    2447      3.98%     51.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                     808      1.31%     53.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                   28787     46.82%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                61481                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2369713274500     96.29%     96.29% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1096937500      0.04%     96.34% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30              733138500      0.03%     96.37% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31            89397214000      3.63%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2460940564500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.978951                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.539992                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.709639                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   13747966                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     13747966                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             13235609                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                102598                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     545265                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1263235                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    13235609                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                       102598                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           18213201                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           9958774                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               51079                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              52254                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      4629497                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    2788602                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1840895                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              4847786285.909350                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              74094871.090649                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.015054                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.984946                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          2017002                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                89847      0.65%      0.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  8434655     61.33%     61.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   29268      0.21%     62.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     62.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   7672      0.06%     62.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     62.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     62.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     62.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     62.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                    575      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 2848176     20.71%     82.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1797499     13.07%     96.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead              48052      0.35%     96.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite             46299      0.34%     96.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                450195      3.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  13752238                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements           181834                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          985.546128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            4345602                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           181834                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.898732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      75221680500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   985.546128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.962447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.962447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          964                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          963                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.941406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        147957036                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       147957036                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data      2600756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2600756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data      1637963                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1637963                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data        48245                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        48245                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data        43402                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        43402                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data      4238719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total         4238719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data      4238719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total        4238719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data       122002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       122002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data       132677                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       132677                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data        13670                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        13670                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data        17821                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        17821                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data       254679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        254679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data       254679                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       254679                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2085344500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2085344500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   3044575500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3044575500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     87689000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     87689000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     89234500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     89234500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        11000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        11000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   5129920000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   5129920000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   5129920000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   5129920000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data      2722758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2722758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data      1770640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1770640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data        61915                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        61915                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data        61223                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        61223                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data      4493398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4493398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data      4493398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4493398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.044808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.074932                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.074932                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.220787                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.220787                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.291083                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.291083                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.056678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.056678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17092.707497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17092.707497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 22947.274207                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22947.274207                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  6414.703731                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6414.703731                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  5007.266708                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5007.266708                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20142.689425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20142.689425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20142.689425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20142.689425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       138542                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           138542                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       122002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       122002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       132677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       132677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        13670                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        13670                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        17821                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        17821                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       254679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       254679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       254679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       254679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data         4227                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         4227                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data         4298                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         4298                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1963342500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1963342500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2911898500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2911898500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     74019000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74019000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     71415500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71415500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data         9000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4875241000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4875241000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4875241000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4875241000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     12520500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     12520500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     12520500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     12520500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.044808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.074932                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074932                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.220787                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.220787                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.291083                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291083                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.056678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.056678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16092.707497                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16092.707497                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 21947.274207                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21947.274207                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  5414.703731                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5414.703731                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  4007.378935                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4007.378935                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 19142.689425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19142.689425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 19142.689425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19142.689425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 176345.070423                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 176345.070423                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data  2913.099116                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  2913.099116                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements           966504                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          251.511886                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           12780495                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs           966504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            13.223427                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      72852587000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   251.511886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.982468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.982468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         28471284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        28471284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst     12785430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       12785430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst     12785430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        12785430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst     12785430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       12785430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst       966808                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       966808                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst       966808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total        966808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst       966808                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total       966808                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  13606274000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13606274000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  13606274000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  13606274000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  13606274000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  13606274000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst     13752238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13752238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst     13752238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     13752238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst     13752238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     13752238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.070302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.070302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.070302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.070302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.070302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14073.398234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14073.398234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14073.398234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14073.398234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14073.398234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14073.398234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks       966504                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total           966504                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst       966808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       966808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst       966808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       966808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst       966808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       966808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  12639466000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12639466000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  12639466000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12639466000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  12639466000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12639466000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.070302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.070302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.070302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13073.398234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13073.398234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13073.398234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13073.398234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13073.398234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13073.398234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 326                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2836480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        368                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7346                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7346                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              113789                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             113789                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        33054                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          840                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        19978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         3638                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        63926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       178344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       178344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  242270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio       132216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2031                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          169                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9989                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio        14532                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3827                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       163006                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2849952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2849952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  3012958                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             35877500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               625000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                19500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                20000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy               18500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy               19000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              173000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            17398000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             3611000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5245000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy               76000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           283283854                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            39033000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            89576000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                89140                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.610028                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                89140                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         2414212495000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.610028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.019063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.019063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               802548                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              802548                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        89172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             89172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        89172                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            89172                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     46315322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     46315322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10480484532                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total  10480484532                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10526799854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  10526799854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10526799854                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  10526799854                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        89172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           89172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        89172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          89172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 167809.137681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167809.137681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117896.019303                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117896.019303                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 118050.507491                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118050.507491                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 118050.507491                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118050.507491                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         36860                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                18924                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     1.947791                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           88864                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                88864                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        89172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        89172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     32515322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32515322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   6032479078                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6032479078                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   6064994400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6064994400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   6064994400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6064994400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117809.137681                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117809.137681                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67859.960831                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67859.960831                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 68014.560624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68014.560624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 68014.560624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68014.560624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    850638                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32697.879667                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     8129752                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    850638                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      9.557241                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               11659093000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      949.979521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      4049.319228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16036.637408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst        35.933610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data       363.974508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst       143.704039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data      9018.334648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst       555.322238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data      1544.674469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.028991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.123575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.489399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.001097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.011108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.004385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.275218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.016947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.047140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.997860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          847                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7849                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        18763                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5303                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 204035880                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                204035880                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2258258                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2258258                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      2942564                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          2942564                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             7040                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              930                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data             6438                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data             4752                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                19160                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data           1386                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            685                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data           1557                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data           1779                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               5407                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            148906                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data               972                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            113725                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data             16685                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                280288                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst        1810696                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst         210833                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst        1352890                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst         958704                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            4333123                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       1465018                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data          5675                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data         92034                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data         44799                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1607526                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              1810696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data              1613924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst               210833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data                 6647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              1352890                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data               205759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst               958704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data                61484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  6220937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             1810696                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data             1613924                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst              210833                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data                6647                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             1352890                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data              205759                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst              958704                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data               61484                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 6220937                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             41                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data             61                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            724                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data             32                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                858                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total                6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          400020                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data            9227                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data           77063                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data           25002                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              511312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst        23202                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst          562                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst        20655                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst         8085                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            52504                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       270527                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data         1180                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data        32734                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data        10560                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          315001                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              23202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             670547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst                562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data              10407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              20655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data             109797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst               8085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data              35562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 878817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             23202                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            670547                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst               562                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data             10407                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             20655                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data            109797                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst              8085                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data             35562                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                878817                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       179000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       178000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1068500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       645000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      2070500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        58000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        29500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        58000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       145500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34621083500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    858156500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7190549000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2351728000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   45021517000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2097278500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     53783000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1866642000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    712887000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   4730590500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  22757025500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    117285000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3002601000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1230342000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  27107253500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2097278500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  57378109000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     53783000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    975441500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1866642000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  10193150000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    712887000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   3582070000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      76859361000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2097278500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  57378109000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     53783000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    975441500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1866642000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  10193150000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    712887000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   3582070000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     76859361000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2258258                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2258258                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      2942564                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      2942564                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         7081                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          991                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data         7162                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data         4784                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            20018                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1388                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          686                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data         1558                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data         1781                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           5413                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        548926                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data         10199                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        190788                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data         41687                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            791600                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1833898                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       211395                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      1373545                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst       966789                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        4385627                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1735545                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data         6855                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       124768                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data        55359                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1922527                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          1833898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          2284471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst           211395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data            17054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          1373545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data           315556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst           966789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data            97046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              7099754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         1833898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         2284471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst          211395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data           17054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         1373545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data          315556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst          966789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data           97046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             7099754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005790                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.061554                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.101089                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.006689                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.042861                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001441                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.001458                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000642                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.001123                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.001108                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.728732                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.904697                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.403920                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.599755                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.645922                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012652                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002659                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.015038                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.008363                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.011972                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.155874                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.172137                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.262359                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.190755                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.163847                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.012652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.293524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.002659                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.610238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.015038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.347948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.008363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.366445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.123781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.012652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.293524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.002659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.610238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.015038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.347948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.008363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.366445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.123781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  4365.853659                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  2918.032787                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  1475.828729                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20156.250000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2413.170163                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        29000                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        29500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        29000                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        24250                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86548.381331                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 93004.931180                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 93307.410820                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 94061.595072                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88050.968880                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 90392.142919                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 95699.288256                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 90372.403776                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 88174.025974                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90099.620981                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84121.087729                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 99394.067797                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 91727.286613                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 116509.659091                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86054.499827                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 90392.142919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85569.108504                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 95699.288256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 93729.364851                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 90372.403776                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 92836.325218                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 88174.025974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 100727.461898                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87457.754003                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 90392.142919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85569.108504                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 95699.288256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 93729.364851                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 90372.403776                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 92836.325218                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 88174.025974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 100727.461898                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87457.754003                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               581734                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    581734                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           39                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           38                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           34                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total           118                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst               7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data               5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst              34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data               5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             39                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             38                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data              5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             34                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data              5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                129                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         1179                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          1179                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           41                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           61                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          724                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           858                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       400020                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         9227                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        77063                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        25002                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         511312                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        23195                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          523                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        20617                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         8051                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        52386                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       270526                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1180                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        32729                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        10555                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       314990                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         23195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        670546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         10407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         20617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        109792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          8051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         35557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            878688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        23195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       670546                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        10407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        20617                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       109792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         8051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        35557                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           878688                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         5218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         9845                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         2875                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         7946                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data         4227                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        24893                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        15063                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         2896                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         9706                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data         4298                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        31963                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       816500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1207500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     14115000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       627000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16766000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        38000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        19500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        19500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        38000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       115000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  30620883500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    765886500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6419919000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2101708000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39908397000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1864489500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     45558500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1657282000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    628798500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4196128500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20051722000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    105485000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2674942000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1124425500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23956574500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1864489500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  50672605500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     45558500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    871371500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1657282000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9094861000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    628798500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   3226133500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  68061100000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1864489500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  50672605500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     45558500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    871371500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1657282000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9094861000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    628798500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   3226133500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  68061100000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1123486500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      4780500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    341397000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     11633000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1481297000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1123486500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      4780500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    341397000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     11633000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1481297000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005790                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.061554                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.101089                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.006689                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042861                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001441                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.001458                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000642                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.001123                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001108                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.728732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.904697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.403920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.599755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.645922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.015010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.008328                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.155874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.172137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.262319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.190665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.163842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.293524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.610238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.015010                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.347932                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.008328                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.366393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.123763                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.293524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.610238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.015010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.347932                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.008328                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.366393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.123763                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19914.634146                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19795.081967                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19495.856354                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 19593.750000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19540.792541                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        19500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        19500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        19000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19166.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76548.381331                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 83004.931180                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 83307.410820                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 84061.595072                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78050.968880                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 80383.250701                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 87109.942639                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 80384.246011                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 78101.912806                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80100.188982                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74121.237885                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 89394.067797                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 81730.025360                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 106530.127901                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76055.031906                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 80383.250701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75569.171243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 87109.942639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 83729.364851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 80384.246011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 82837.192145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 78101.912806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 90731.318728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77457.641393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 80383.250701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75569.171243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 87109.942639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 83729.364851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 80384.246011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 82837.192145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 78101.912806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 90731.318728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77457.641393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 215309.793024                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 227642.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 193975.568182                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 163845.070423                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 209518.670438                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 74585.839474                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  1650.725138                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 35173.810014                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data  2706.607725                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 46344.116635                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       2032219                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1069105                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          603                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7070                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             374722                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              24893                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             24893                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       670598                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           259291                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            86551                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          46855                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            512301                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           510708                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        367652                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         88896                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         3417                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       178438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       178438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        63926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2731708                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      2795634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2974072                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2847680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2847680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       163006                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     46707520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     46870526                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                49718206                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                           137306                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                      11456                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1134218                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.003544                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.059428                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1130198     99.65%     99.65% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    4020      0.35%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1134218                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            63082500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          3242440169                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            4484765                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         2919928265                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     14667445                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      6418470                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      2694415                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          13342                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        12243                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         1099                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               7070                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           6522518                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             24893                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            24893                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2839992                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      4384468                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          752828                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          105107                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         52262                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         157369                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            7                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            7                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           868120                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          868120                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       4385682                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2129770                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         3659                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          115                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5501410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7017849                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       633933                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        74763                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4120333                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1028196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2900101                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       580235                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              21856820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    117360224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    135359365                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     13521152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1003456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     87896288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15349161                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     61865376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7572112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              439927134                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1270324                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  27697760                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          8427208                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.410942                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.839734                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                6429534     76.29%     76.29% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                1017985     12.08%     88.37% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 494049      5.86%     94.24% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 485568      5.76%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                     64      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      6      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            8427208                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        10683516993                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           256899                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1837053662                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        2377920232                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy         213270727                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy          31714893                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy        1377011056                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy         428464136                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy         970585879                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy         259440038                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2461129858500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.005806                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  5806243000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2466936101500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               22762819                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 22762760                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1158567015                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 752748                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   114076968                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     114076968                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          76096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         370720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst          27040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data          75232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst          83008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data         138016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst           7232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data          46176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             823520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        76096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        27040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst        83008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst         7232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        193376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1132256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1132256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst            2378                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           11585                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst             845                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data            2351                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst            2594                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data            4313                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst             226                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data            1443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               25735                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         35383                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              35383                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst          13105893                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          63848516                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst           4657056                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data          12957088                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst          14296336                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data          23770276                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst           1245556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data           7952819                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             141833540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst     13105893                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst      4657056                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst     14296336                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst      1245556                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         33304841                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       195006651                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            195006651                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       195006651                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst         13105893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         63848516                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst          4657056                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data         12957088                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst         14296336                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data         23770276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst          1245556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data          7952819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            336840191                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       25735                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      35383                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     25735                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    35383                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1646080                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1463232                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  823520                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1132256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                 12529                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              2310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              2588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              2623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             2068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             2639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         6                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    5807733000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                 25735                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                35383                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   25534                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     186                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   1268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   1210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   1171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   1292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   1312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   1332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   1390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   1380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   1607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   1292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   1294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   1252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   1125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   1071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         8734                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    355.956950                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   207.222024                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   359.151193                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2895     33.15%     33.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2028     23.22%     56.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          909     10.41%     66.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          502      5.75%     72.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          350      4.01%     76.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          247      2.83%     79.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          166      1.90%     81.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          143      1.64%     82.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1494     17.11%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         8734                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1032                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      24.937984                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     33.443643                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-31            707     68.51%     68.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-63           279     27.03%     95.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            34      3.29%     98.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            7      0.68%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      0.10%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            1      0.10%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            1      0.10%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            1      0.10%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-671            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          1032                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1032                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      22.154070                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     20.247992                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     12.363415                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           725     70.25%     70.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-23             8      0.78%     71.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           112     10.85%     81.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-31            15      1.45%     83.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-35            69      6.69%     90.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-39            23      2.23%     92.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-43            49      4.75%     97.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-47             4      0.39%     97.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-51             3      0.29%     97.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-55             2      0.19%     97.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-59             2      0.19%     98.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::60-63             1      0.10%     98.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::68-71             4      0.39%     98.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::80-83             2      0.19%     98.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::84-87             2      0.19%     98.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::88-91             3      0.29%     99.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::92-95             4      0.39%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::96-99             1      0.10%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            1      0.10%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.10%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            1      0.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          1032                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    425772000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               908022000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  128600000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     16554.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                35304.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       283.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       252.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    141.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    195.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.80                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    21433                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   18415                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                80.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      95024.92                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    82.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 30252180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 16079415                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                87443580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               58495320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         440082240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            601747290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24106080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1130871450                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       432864480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        240718740                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             3062722215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            527.487777                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           4423584500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     35191250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     186676000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    816471250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1127249750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1160666500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2479988250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 32115720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 17066115                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                96197220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               60849540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         440082240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            591591600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             25949760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1054295370                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       476429760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        263508840                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             3058390995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            526.741818                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           4440648750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     40910500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     186748000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    887881500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1240670000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1137935750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2312097250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                      143944                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                       497                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                   52425                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                     130436                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      125                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                          15                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                  25975                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                      274380                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                       622                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                           15                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                   78400                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                     254473                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                      268                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                 254741                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                 20                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           10                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean       296672050                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   306438665.593264                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           10    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value      1435500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    970290500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             10                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     2839522500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   2966720500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        11612486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      10                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.28%      0.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   67      4.67%      4.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.14%      5.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1184     82.57%     87.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     17      1.19%     88.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.07%     88.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.07%     88.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     131      9.14%     98.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  24      1.67%     99.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.21%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  1434                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      2351                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              198                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                118                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                118                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                  118                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.595960                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.746835                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        5116728500     88.13%     88.13% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user           689334500     11.87%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      67                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     613     46.19%     46.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                      4      0.30%     46.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                      6      0.45%     46.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      2      0.15%     47.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    702     52.90%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                1327                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      611     49.59%     49.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                       4      0.32%     49.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                       6      0.49%     50.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       2      0.16%     50.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     609     49.43%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 1232                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0              5466318000     94.15%     94.15% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                3408000      0.06%     94.21% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                3532000      0.06%     94.27% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2271500      0.04%     94.31% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              330533500      5.69%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total          5806063000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.996737                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.867521                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.928410                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     749578                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       749578                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               721839                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3960                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      22738                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        75928                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      721839                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         3960                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            1010711                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            505294                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                2545                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               2507                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       275836                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     145047                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    130789                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              5933440.998978                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              5679045.001022                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.489046                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.510954                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           104242                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                14019      1.87%      1.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                   438229     58.41%     60.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     710      0.09%     60.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   1217      0.16%     60.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     60.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                    230      0.03%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  148475     19.79%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 129991     17.33%     97.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead               1353      0.18%     97.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite              1160      0.15%     98.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                 14831      1.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                    750215                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            28534                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          899.144464                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             265076                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            29558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.967995                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   899.144464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.878071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.878071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          794                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          8812080                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         8812080                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       130357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         130357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       110730                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        110730                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data         1953                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1953                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data         2047                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2047                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       241087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          241087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       241087                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         241087                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        11491                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11491                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        17494                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        17494                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data          317                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          317                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        28985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         28985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        28985                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        28985                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    481907000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    481907000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    748438000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    748438000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4803500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      4803500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       396500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       396500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1230345000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1230345000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1230345000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1230345000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       141848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       141848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       128224                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       128224                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2270                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2270                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2126                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2126                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       270072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       270072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       270072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       270072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.081009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.081009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.136433                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.136433                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.139648                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.139648                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037159                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.037159                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.107323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.107323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.107323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.107323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 41937.777391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41937.777391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42782.554019                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42782.554019                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15152.996845                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15152.996845                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5018.987342                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5018.987342                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42447.645334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42447.645334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42447.645334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42447.645334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20912                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            20912                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        11491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        17494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        17494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          317                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          317                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        28985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        28985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        28985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data          600                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          600                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    470416000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    470416000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    730944000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    730944000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4486500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4486500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       317500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       317500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1201360000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1201360000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1201360000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1201360000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    103680500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    103680500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    103680500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    103680500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.081009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.136433                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136433                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.139648                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139648                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037159                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037159                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.107323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.107323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40937.777391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40937.777391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 41782.554019                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41782.554019                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14152.996845                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14152.996845                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  4018.987342                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4018.987342                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 41447.645334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41447.645334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 41447.645334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41447.645334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 240001.157407                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 240001.157407                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 172800.833333                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 172800.833333                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            23286                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.999761                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             742295                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            23542                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            31.530669                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   255.999761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1523717                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         1523717                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       726928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         726928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       726928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          726928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       726928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         726928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst        23287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        23287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst        23287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         23287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst        23287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        23287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    487089500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    487089500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    487089500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    487089500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    487089500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    487089500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       750215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       750215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       750215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       750215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       750215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       750215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.031040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.031040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.031040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.031040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 20916.799072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20916.799072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 20916.799072                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20916.799072                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 20916.799072                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20916.799072                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks        23286                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total            23286                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        23287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        23287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        23287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    463802500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    463802500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    463802500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    463802500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    463802500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    463802500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.031040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.031040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.031040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 19916.799072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19916.799072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 19916.799072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19916.799072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 19916.799072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19916.799072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                       29382                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                       325                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                           12                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                    1841                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                      19225                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                       34                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           8                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                    895                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                       48607                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                       359                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           20                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                    2736                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                      25114                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      124                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                  25238                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numPwrStateTransitions                 22                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           12                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    435568708.333333                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   379932369.020309                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           12    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    973353000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             12                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      579418500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   5226824500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                        11718966                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      11                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   56     12.61%     12.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.13%     13.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  282     63.51%     77.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                     15      3.38%     80.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      75     16.89%     97.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.03%     99.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.45%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   444                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       956                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              121                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 66                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 10                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   66                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.553719                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.100000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.680203                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         526878500      5.11%      5.11% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            31382500      0.30%      5.41% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          9759749000     94.59%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      56                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     152     41.53%     41.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                      6      1.64%     43.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      0.82%     43.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    205     56.01%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 366                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      152     49.03%     49.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                       6      1.94%     50.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      0.97%     51.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     149     48.06%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  310                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0              5750184000     98.13%     98.13% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2829000      0.05%     98.18% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                3586500      0.06%     98.24% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              102883500      1.76%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total          5859483000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.726829                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.846995                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.committedInsts                     166159                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                       166159                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses               160109                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                   247                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                       3564                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts        19418                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                      160109                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                          247                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads             212787                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes            120054                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                 120                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                121                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                        49695                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                      30251                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                     19444                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              10549503.113224                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              1169462.886776                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.099792                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.900208                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                            24326                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                 2924      1.76%      1.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                   105411     63.30%     65.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     249      0.15%     65.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     65.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                     40      0.02%     65.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     65.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     65.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     65.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     65.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      3      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                   31323     18.81%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                  19367     11.63%     95.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                104      0.06%     95.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite               100      0.06%     95.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                  7017      4.21%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                    166538                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             3964                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          886.893626                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             143558                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4841                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            29.654617                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   886.893626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.866107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.866107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          877                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          861                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.856445                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1579264                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1579264                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data        26925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          26925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data        16823                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16823                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data          487                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          487                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data          519                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          519                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data        43748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           43748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data        43748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          43748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data         2436                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2436                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data         1934                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1934                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data           62                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           62                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data           29                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           29                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data         4370                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          4370                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data         4370                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         4370                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     69741000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     69741000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    154739500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    154739500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1856000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1856000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       197500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       197500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    224480500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    224480500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    224480500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    224480500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data        29361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data        18757                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        18757                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data          549                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          549                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data          548                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          548                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data        48118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        48118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data        48118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        48118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.082967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.082967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.103108                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.103108                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.112933                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.112933                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.052920                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.052920                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.090818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.090818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.090818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.090818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28629.310345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28629.310345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 80010.082730                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80010.082730                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 29935.483871                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29935.483871                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6810.344828                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6810.344828                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 51368.535469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51368.535469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 51368.535469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51368.535469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2659                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             2659                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1934                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1934                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           62                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           62                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           29                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           22                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           22                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data           26                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     67305000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67305000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    152805500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    152805500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1794000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1794000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       168500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       168500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    220110500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    220110500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    220110500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    220110500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       676000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       676000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.082967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.103108                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.103108                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.112933                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.112933                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.052920                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052920                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.090818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.090818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27629.310345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27629.310345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 79010.082730                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79010.082730                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28935.483871                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28935.483871                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5810.344828                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5810.344828                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 50368.535469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50368.535469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 50368.535469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50368.535469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       169000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       169000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data        26000                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        26000                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             6052                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             170368                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             6308                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            27.008244                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst          256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           339128                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          339128                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst       160486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         160486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst       160486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          160486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst       160486                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         160486                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst         6052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         6052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst         6052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          6052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         6052                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         6052                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    142586000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    142586000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    142586000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    142586000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    142586000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    142586000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       166538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst       166538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       166538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst       166538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       166538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.036340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.036340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.036340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 23560.145406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23560.145406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 23560.145406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23560.145406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 23560.145406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23560.145406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         6052                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             6052                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    136534000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    136534000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    136534000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    136534000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    136534000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    136534000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.036340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.036340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.036340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 22560.145406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22560.145406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 22560.145406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22560.145406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 22560.145406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22560.145406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                      151405                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                       375                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                   19733                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                     104590                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                       73                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                          12                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                  11548                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                      255995                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                       448                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                           12                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                   31281                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                     126051                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                      338                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                 126389                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numPwrStateTransitions                106                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           54                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    63246592.592593                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   191920777.833333                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           54    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    972894000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             54                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     2390927000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   3415316000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                        11705067                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      53                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    5      0.22%      0.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   68      2.95%      3.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.09%      3.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1975     85.68%     88.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                     82      3.56%     92.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.04%     92.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.04%     92.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     110      4.77%     97.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  34      1.48%     98.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       5      0.22%     99.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                 21      0.91%     99.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.04%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                  2305                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      3125                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              178                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 87                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 87                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   87                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.488764                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.656604                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        5728335000     94.73%     94.73% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user           318986000      5.27%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      68                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     785     37.26%     37.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                     15      0.71%     37.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                      6      0.28%     38.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.05%     38.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   1300     61.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                2107                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      784     49.34%     49.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                      15      0.94%     50.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                       6      0.38%     50.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.06%     50.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     783     49.28%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 1589                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0              5131032000     87.67%     87.67% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21               11580500      0.20%     87.87% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                3267500      0.06%     87.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1232500      0.02%     87.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              705421000     12.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total          5852533500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.998726                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.602308                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.754153                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     762616                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                       762616                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses               735007                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                  2242                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      26060                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts        75927                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                      735007                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                         2242                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            1008797                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            543765                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                1070                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes               1019                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       257263                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     152371                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    104892                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              6885089.482302                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              4819977.517698                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.411786                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.588214                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           109932                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                10788      1.41%      1.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                   470675     61.68%     63.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    1412      0.19%     63.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     63.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                    381      0.05%     63.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     63.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     11      0.00%     63.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     63.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     63.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                     18      0.00%     63.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     63.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     63.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     63.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     63.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     63.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     63.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     63.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     63.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     63.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     63.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     63.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     63.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     63.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     63.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     63.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     63.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  157053     20.58%     83.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 104490     13.69%     97.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                898      0.12%     97.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite               934      0.12%     97.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                 16416      2.15%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                    763076                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            17594                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          892.375262                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             252024                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            18295                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            13.775567                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   892.375262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.871460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.871460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          701                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          695                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.684570                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          8219532                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses         8219532                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data       139658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         139658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data        92473                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         92473                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data         2651                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2651                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data         2897                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2897                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data       232131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          232131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data       232131                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         232131                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data         9188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data         8984                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         8984                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data          350                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          350                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data        18172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         18172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data        18172                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        18172                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    225756000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    225756000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    327489500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    327489500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      7657000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      7657000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       444000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       444000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data    553245500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    553245500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data    553245500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    553245500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data       148846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       148846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data       101457                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       101457                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data         3001                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3001                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data         2988                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2988                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data       250303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       250303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data       250303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       250303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.061728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.061728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.088550                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.088550                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.116628                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.116628                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.030455                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.030455                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.072600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.072600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.072600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.072600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24570.744449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24570.744449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 36452.526714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36452.526714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 21877.142857                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21877.142857                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  4879.120879                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4879.120879                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 30444.942769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30444.942769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 30444.942769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30444.942769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13137                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            13137                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         9188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         8984                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8984                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          350                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          350                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        18172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        18172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data          401                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          401                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    216568000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    216568000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    318505500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    318505500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      7307000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7307000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       353000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       353000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    535073500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    535073500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    535073500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    535073500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     26787500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     26787500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     26787500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     26787500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.061728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.088550                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088550                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.116628                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.116628                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.030455                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030455                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.072600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.072600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 23570.744449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23570.744449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 35452.526714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35452.526714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20877.142857                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20877.142857                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  3879.120879                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3879.120879                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 29444.942769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29444.942769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 29444.942769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29444.942769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 179781.879195                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 179781.879195                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 66801.745636                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 66801.745636                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            45546                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.997610                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs             721584                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            45802                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            15.754421                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   255.997610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          205                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1571701                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses         1571701                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst       717527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         717527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst       717527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          717527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst       717527                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         717527                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst        45549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        45549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst        45549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         45549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst        45549                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        45549                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    800661500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    800661500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    800661500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    800661500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    800661500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    800661500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       763076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       763076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst       763076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       763076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst       763076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       763076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.059691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.059691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.059691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.059691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.059691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.059691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 17578.025862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17578.025862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 17578.025862                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17578.025862                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 17578.025862                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17578.025862                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks        45546                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total            45546                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        45549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        45549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        45549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        45549                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45549                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    755112500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    755112500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    755112500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    755112500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    755112500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    755112500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.059691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.059691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.059691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 16578.025862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16578.025862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 16578.025862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16578.025862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 16578.025862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16578.025862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                       31717                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                       335                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                           12                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                    1872                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                      20077                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                       36                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           9                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                    897                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                       51794                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                       371                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                           21                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                    2769                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                      26052                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                      127                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                  26179                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numPwrStateTransitions                 24                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           13                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    408143230.769231                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   370075595.046225                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           13    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    971591500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             13                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      500381000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   5305862000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                        11719181                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      12                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.20%      0.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   61     12.40%     12.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.02%     13.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  321     65.24%     78.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                     16      3.25%     82.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                      77     15.65%     97.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      1.83%     99.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.41%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   492                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1021                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              138                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.485507                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.653659                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        6023405500     99.52%     99.52% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            28802500      0.48%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      61                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     165     40.44%     40.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                      6      1.47%     41.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      6      1.47%     43.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    231     56.62%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 408                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      165     48.53%     48.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                       6      1.76%     50.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       6      1.76%     52.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     163     47.94%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  340                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0              5764967000     98.39%     98.39% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2939500      0.05%     98.44% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                5493000      0.09%     98.53% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31               86191000      1.47%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total          5859590500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.705628                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.833333                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     173658                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                       173658                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses               167104                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                   440                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                       4063                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts        19231                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                      167104                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                          440                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads             223872                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes            126116                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                 219                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                223                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                        52945                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                      32629                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                     20316                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              10709224.043849                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              1009956.956151                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.086180                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.913820                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                            24826                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                 3115      1.79%      1.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                   109052     62.66%     64.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                     240      0.14%     64.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                     38      0.02%     64.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     64.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      3      0.00%     64.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     64.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                   33675     19.35%     83.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                  20136     11.57%     95.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                203      0.12%     95.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite               196      0.11%     95.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                  7392      4.25%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                    174050                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             3897                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          912.578139                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs              83423                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4815                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            17.325649                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   912.578139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.891190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.891190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          918                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          908                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.896484                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1682906                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1682906                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data        28995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          28995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data        17619                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17619                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data          540                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          540                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data          564                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          564                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data        46614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           46614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data        46614                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          46614                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data         2675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data         1946                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1946                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data           41                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           41                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data         4621                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          4621                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data         4621                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         4621                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     41408500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     41408500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    120995000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    120995000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1217500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1217500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       258000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       258000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data    162403500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    162403500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data    162403500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    162403500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data        31670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        31670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data        19565                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        19565                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data          608                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          608                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data          605                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          605                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data        51235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        51235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data        51235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        51235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.084465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.084465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.099463                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.099463                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.111842                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.111842                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.067769                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.067769                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.090192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.090192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.090192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.090192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15479.813084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15479.813084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 62176.258993                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62176.258993                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17904.411765                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17904.411765                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  6292.682927                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6292.682927                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 35144.665657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35144.665657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 35144.665657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35144.665657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2593                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             2593                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         2675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         1946                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1946                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           41                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         4621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         4621                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4621                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data           28                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     38733500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38733500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    119049000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    119049000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1149500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1149500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       217000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       217000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    157782500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    157782500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    157782500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    157782500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       677500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       677500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       677500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       677500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.084465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.099463                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099463                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.111842                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.111842                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.067769                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067769                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.090192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.090192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 14479.813084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14479.813084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 61176.258993                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61176.258993                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16904.411765                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16904.411765                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  5292.682927                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5292.682927                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 34144.665657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34144.665657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 34144.665657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34144.665657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       169375                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       169375                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 24196.428571                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 24196.428571                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             7387                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             171598                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             7643                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            22.451655                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst          256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           355487                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          355487                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst       166663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         166663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst       166663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          166663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst       166663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         166663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst         7387                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         7387                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst         7387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          7387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst         7387                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         7387                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    116571000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    116571000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    116571000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    116571000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    116571000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    116571000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst       174050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       174050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst       174050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       174050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst       174050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       174050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.042442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.042442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.042442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.042442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.042442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.042442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 15780.560444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15780.560444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 15780.560444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15780.560444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 15780.560444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15780.560444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         7387                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             7387                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         7387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         7387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         7387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    109184000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109184000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    109184000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    109184000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    109184000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    109184000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.042442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.042442                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042442                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.042442                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042442                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14780.560444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14780.560444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14780.560444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14780.560444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14780.560444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14780.560444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  87                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   724992                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         90                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  619                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 619                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               23122                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              23122                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        45372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        45372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   47482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          572                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          405                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         1877                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       725232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       725232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   727109                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy               193500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                21000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               33000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              926000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy              639000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy            72143641                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1644000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            22716000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                22686                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      32                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                22718                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           32                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               204174                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              204174                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        22686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             22686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        22686                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            22686                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      3533985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3533985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2684676656                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   2684676656                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2688210641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   2688210641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2688210641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   2688210641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        22686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           22686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        22686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          22686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117799.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117799.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 118497.380650                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118497.380650                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 118496.457771                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118496.457771                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 118496.457771                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118496.457771                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         10116                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4703                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     2.150967                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           22656                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                22656                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        22686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        22686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      2033985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2033985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1550821698                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1550821698                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1552855683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1552855683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1552855683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1552855683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67799.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67799.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 68450.816472                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68450.816472                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 68449.955171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68449.955171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 68449.955171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68449.955171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     24826                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32418.241494                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     3904741                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     57593                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     67.798882                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1613.823817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      2783.007872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     12572.781812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst       709.369583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data      1433.440498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst      3118.710068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data      5567.009994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst      1488.514548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data      3131.583302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.049250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.084931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.383691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.021648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.043745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.095175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.169892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.045426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.095568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.989326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32767                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          860                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5954                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        20087                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5853                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4094260                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4094260                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        39301                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            39301                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        70028                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            70028                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               37                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data               10                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data               31                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data               18                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   96                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data              7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 31                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data              9934                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data                72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data              5224                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data               445                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 15675                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst          20905                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst           5205                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst          42954                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst           7161                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              76225                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          6293                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data          1405                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data          7078                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data          2059                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             16835                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                20905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                16227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                 5205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data                 1477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                42954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data                12302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                 7161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data                 2504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   108735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst               20905                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               16227                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                5205                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data                1477                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst               42954                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data               12302                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                7161                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data                2504                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  108735                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data              3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data              6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total                1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            7197                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data            1807                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data            3005                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data            1317                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               13326                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         2378                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst          845                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst         2594                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst          226                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             6043                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         4452                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data          545                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data         1321                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data          128                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            6446                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               2378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              11649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst                845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data               2352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst               2594                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data               4326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data               1445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  25815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              2378                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             11649                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst               845                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data              2352                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst              2594                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data              4326                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst               226                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data              1445                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 25815                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        30500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        59000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       172000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        29500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       291000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        28500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        28500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    599140500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    148857500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    248523500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    110937000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1107458500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    206344500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     71216000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    229970500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     20724000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    528255000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    388480500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     49436000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    131552000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     12791500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    582260000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    206344500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    987621000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     71216000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    198293500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    229970500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data    380075500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     20724000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data    123728500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       2217973500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    206344500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    987621000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     71216000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    198293500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    229970500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data    380075500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     20724000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data    123728500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      2217973500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        39301                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        39301                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        70028                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        70028                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           38                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           37                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              107                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             32                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         17131                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data          1879                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data          8229                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data          1762                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             29001                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        23283                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         6050                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst        45548                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst         7387                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          82268                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        10745                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1950                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data         8399                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data         2187                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         23281                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst            23283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            27876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             6050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data             3829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst            45548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data            16628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             7387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data             3949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               134550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst           23283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           27876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            6050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data            3829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst           45548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data           16628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            7387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data            3949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              134550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026316                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.230769                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.162162                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.052632                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.102804                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.125000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.031250                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.420116                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.961682                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.365172                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.747446                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.459501                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.102135                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.139669                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.056951                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.030594                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.073455                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.414332                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.279487                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.157281                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.058528                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.276878                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.102135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.417886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.139669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.614260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.056951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.260164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.030594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.365915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.191862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.102135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.417886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.139669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.614260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.056951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.260164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.030594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.365915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.191862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        30500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19666.666667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 28666.666667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        29500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26454.545455                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        28500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        28500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83248.645269                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 82378.251245                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 82703.327787                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 84234.624146                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83105.095302                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 86772.287637                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 84279.289941                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 88654.780262                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 91699.115044                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87416.018534                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87259.770889                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 90708.256881                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 99585.162755                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 99933.593750                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90328.886131                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 86772.287637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84781.612156                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 84279.289941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 84308.460884                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 88654.780262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 87858.414239                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 91699.115044                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 85625.259516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85918.012783                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 86772.287637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84781.612156                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 84279.289941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 84308.460884                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 88654.780262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 87858.414239                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 91699.115044                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 85625.259516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85918.012783                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                12727                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     12727                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data               2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data              2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           67                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            67                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            11                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7197                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1807                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         3005                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         1317                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          13326                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2378                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          845                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         2594                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          226                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         6043                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4452                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          545                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         1319                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          128                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         6444                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          2378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         11649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          2352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          2594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          4324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          1445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             25813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        11649                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         2594                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         4324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         1445                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            25813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           22                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data          600                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data           26                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data          401                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data           28                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1055                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        58500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       112000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        19500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       210500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        18500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    527170500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    130787500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    218473500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     97767000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    974198500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    182564500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     62766000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    204030500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     18464000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    467825000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    343960500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     43986000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    118192000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     11511500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    517650000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    182564500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    871131000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     62766000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    174773500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    204030500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    336665500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     18464000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    109278500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1959673500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    182564500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    871131000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     62766000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    174773500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    204030500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    336665500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     18464000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    109278500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1959673500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     98275000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       626000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     24924501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       627500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    124453001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     98275000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       626000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     24924501                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       627500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    124453001                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026316                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.230769                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.162162                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.052632                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102804                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.125000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031250                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.420116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.961682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.365172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.747446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459501                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.102135                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.139669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.056951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.030594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.414332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.279487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.157043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.058528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.276792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.102135                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.417886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.139669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.614260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.056951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.260043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.030594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.365915                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.191847                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.102135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.417886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.139669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.614260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.056951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.260043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.030594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.365915                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.191847                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 18666.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19136.363636                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        18500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73248.645269                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 72378.251245                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 72703.327787                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 74234.624146                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73105.095302                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76772.287637                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 74279.289941                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 78654.780262                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 81699.115044                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77416.018534                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77259.770889                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 80708.256881                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 89607.278241                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 89933.593750                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80330.540037                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76772.287637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74781.612156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 74279.289941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 74308.460884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 78654.780262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 77859.736355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 81699.115044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 75625.259516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75918.083911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76772.287637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74781.612156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 74279.289941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 74308.460884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 78654.780262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 77859.736355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 81699.115044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 75625.259516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75918.083911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227488.425926                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       156500                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 167278.530201                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       156875                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 211295.417657                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 163791.666667                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 24076.923077                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 62155.862843                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 22410.714286                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 117964.929858                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         95265                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        49039                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          483                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 589                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              13106                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                466                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               466                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        35383                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            10528                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              681                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            209                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             13285                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            13248                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         12517                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         22656                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         1974                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        45372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        45372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        75622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        77732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 123104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1877                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1230784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1232661                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1957653                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             2841                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                        960                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             50403                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.048747                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.215341                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   47946     95.13%     95.13% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    2457      4.87%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               50403                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             1812500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           165344368                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            2144810                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy           86462250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       275720                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       128598                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        28897                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           2170                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1944                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          226                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                589                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            109481                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               466                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              466                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        52028                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        82271                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           26787                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             699                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           240                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            939                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            29659                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           29659                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         82275                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        26617                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         2427                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp           18                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        69856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        87048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        18154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        12331                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       136643                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        53710                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        22161                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        12664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                412567                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1490208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1561956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       387264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       207740                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2915008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       954313                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       472768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       209484                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                8198741                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           32102                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    535296                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           167798                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.227160                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.642503                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 144424     86.07%     86.07% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  13771      8.21%     94.28% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                   4484      2.67%     96.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                   5099      3.04%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                     19      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             167798                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          199406500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy            46485                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          23302469                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          29777462                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy           6067968                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy           4450973                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy          45565965                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy          18691468                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy           7397479                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy           4683964                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5806243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
