
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.452690                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2452689530500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2452689530500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 212826                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   212826                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5703853269                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 738152                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   430.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    91516468                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      91516468                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst         2896576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        25262560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::tsunami.ide         4032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           28163168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      2896576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       2896576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     19367456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        19367456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst            90518                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data           789455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::tsunami.ide           126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              880099                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        605233                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             605233                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst            1180979                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           10299942                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::tsunami.ide            1644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              11482565                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       1180979                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1180979                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         7896416                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              7896416                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         7896416                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst           1180979                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          10299942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::tsunami.ide           1644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             19378981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      880099                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     605233                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    880099                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   605233                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               56227840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   98496                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                24323136                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                28163168                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             19367456                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   1539                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                225168                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             77883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             50096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             51773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             47129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             48869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             50266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             48931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             51677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             52850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             50959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            54460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            68914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            58134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            58043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            50913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            57663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             23769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             23596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             22885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             22928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             23106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             23907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             22565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             23664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             22991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             23312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            24330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            27352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            24371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            23875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            23390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            24008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                        28                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2452689452500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                880099                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5               605233                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  878430                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                      16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                      24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   4189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   5115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  22637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  22430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  22298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  22645                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  22698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  22859                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  24007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  23236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  23266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  24064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  23226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  22987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  22915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  22800                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  22334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  22236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    356                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                    215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                    185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                    192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                    160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                    172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                    174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                    143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                    115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                    110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                     87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                     61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                     55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                     78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       187275                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    430.120326                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   247.584691                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   395.147752                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        56148     29.98%     29.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        37090     19.81%     49.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        15878      8.48%     58.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10254      5.48%     63.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7138      3.81%     67.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         5243      2.80%     70.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         5031      2.69%     73.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         5238      2.80%     75.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        45255     24.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       187275                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        21993                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      39.946983                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    371.886106                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047        21984     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            4      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-8191            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-14335            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30720-32767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40960-43007            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         21993                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        21993                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.280453                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.915248                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      5.153439                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         17653     80.27%     80.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19          3179     14.45%     94.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            46      0.21%     94.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            39      0.18%     95.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            50      0.23%     95.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           328      1.49%     96.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            64      0.29%     97.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            29      0.13%     97.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           191      0.87%     98.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            39      0.18%     98.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            63      0.29%     98.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            33      0.15%     98.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           146      0.66%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            14      0.06%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-45             8      0.04%     99.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            19      0.09%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            15      0.07%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::50-51             7      0.03%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-53             2      0.01%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::54-55             5      0.02%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::58-59             1      0.00%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::60-61             6      0.03%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::62-63             2      0.01%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-65             2      0.01%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::66-67             3      0.01%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::68-69             8      0.04%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::70-71             1      0.00%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::72-73             1      0.00%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::74-75             4      0.02%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::80-81             8      0.04%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::84-85             1      0.00%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::88-89             5      0.02%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::90-91             5      0.02%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::92-93             3      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::94-95             7      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::96-97             3      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::116-117            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::126-127            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         21993                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  15699243593                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             32172243593                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 4392800000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     17869.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                36619.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        22.92                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         9.92                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     11.48                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      7.90                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.30                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   747564                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  323768                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 85.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1651273.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    85.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                641600400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                341018700                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              3046095360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              973112400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         17033518320.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          11852354850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy            877558080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     48393563730                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     21004800480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     545291244780                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           649462899300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            264.796213                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2424394248500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1289991250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    7228831500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 2263568184250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  54699992250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   19776459250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 106126072000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                695557380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                369689925                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              3226823040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1010743380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         16765535280.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          11996457120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy            860943360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     47041772250                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     20345151840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     546427378020                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           648747296835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            264.504451                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2424122729000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1260329250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    7116320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 2267979299500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  52982003500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   20190110500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 103161467750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     16009352                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      12449                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                            98                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   817055                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     8862672                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      1308                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                          169                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  324495                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     24872024                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      13757                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                           267                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  1141550                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     5652877                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      6049                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            1                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 5658926                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numPwrStateTransitions               14334                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          7167                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean     306818699.386075                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev    450456861.058449                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         7167    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        89000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2000000000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            7167                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    253719912000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2198969618500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       4905379061                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     7167                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::cserve                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrmces                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrfen                      1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                   1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                  4520      2.11%      2.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       65      0.03%      2.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrent                      7      0.00%      2.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                196468     91.91%     94.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    5803      2.71%     96.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrkgp                      1      0.00%     96.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      8      0.00%     96.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                     10      0.00%     96.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::whami                      2      0.00%     96.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     6072      2.84%     99.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  559      0.26%     99.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                      235      0.11%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 213754                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     236418                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              6756                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1967                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                2342                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                2046                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1967                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                    79                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.302842                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.033732                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.369815                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       189439004500      7.72%      7.72% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           9162324000      0.37%      8.10% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle         2254086232000     91.90%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                     4521                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    82509     40.22%     40.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     117      0.06%     40.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    2471      1.20%     41.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  120032     58.52%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               205129                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     80972     49.21%     49.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      117      0.07%     49.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     2471      1.50%     50.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    80972     49.21%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                164532                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             2366317285000     96.48%     96.48% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21               100113500      0.00%     96.48% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22              1104474500      0.05%     96.53% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31             85165689500      3.47%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         2452687562500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.981372                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.674587                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.802090                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.committedInsts                    91516468                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      91516468                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              88521138                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 427122                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     2909278                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     11606306                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     88521138                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        427122                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           120918284                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           66847027                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               178181                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              181187                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      24930984                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    16050802                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    8880182                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               4397939236.998207                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               507439824.001793                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.103446                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.896554                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          15125786                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass               1594787      1.74%      1.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  63088111     68.93%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   186163      0.20%     70.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     70.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  117446      0.13%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                    4179      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 16350205     17.86%     88.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 8805133      9.62%     98.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              156345      0.17%     98.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             149152      0.16%     98.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                1078971      1.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   91530492                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2980504                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.952323                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            21891779                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2980504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              7.344992                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         168190500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.952323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          808                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         799573506                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        799573506                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     13569204                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        13569204                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      7734717                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        7734717                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data       292700                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       292700                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data       315285                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       315285                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      21303921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         21303921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     21303921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        21303921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      2145623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2145623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       812298                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       812298                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        23672                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        23672                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2957921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2957921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2957921                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2957921                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  54934506000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  54934506000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  43378629000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  43378629000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    425443000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    425443000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  98313135000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  98313135000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  98313135000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  98313135000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     15714827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     15714827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      8547015                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8547015                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data       316372                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       316372                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data       315285                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       315285                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     24261842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24261842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     24261842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24261842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.136535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.136535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.095039                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.095039                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.074823                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.074823                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.121917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.121917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.121917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.121917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 25603.056082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25603.056082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 53402.358494                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53402.358494                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 17972.414667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17972.414667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 33237.241630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33237.241630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 33237.241630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33237.241630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2302612                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2302612                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2145623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2145623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       812298                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       812298                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        23672                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        23672                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2957921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2957921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2957921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2957921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data        10332                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        10332                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        17388                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        17388                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  52788883000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  52788883000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  42566331000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42566331000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    401771000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    401771000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  95355214000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  95355214000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  95355214000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  95355214000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1566159000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1566159000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1566159000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1566159000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.136535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.095039                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095039                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.074823                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074823                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.121917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.121917                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121917                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 24603.056082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24603.056082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 52402.358494                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52402.358494                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 16972.414667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16972.414667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 32237.241630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32237.241630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 32237.241630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32237.241630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 221961.309524                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 221961.309524                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 90071.256039                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 90071.256039                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           2495130                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.171746                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            88952647                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           2495130                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             35.650506                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       39817604500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   511.171746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.998382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         185556843                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        185556843                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     89034636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        89034636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      89034636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         89034636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     89034636                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        89034636                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      2495857                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       2495857                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      2495857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        2495857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      2495857                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       2495857                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  40083986500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  40083986500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  40083986500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  40083986500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  40083986500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  40083986500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     91530493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     91530493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     91530493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     91530493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     91530493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     91530493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16060.209579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16060.209579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16060.209579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16060.209579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16060.209579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16060.209579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks      2495130                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           2495130                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      2495857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2495857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      2495857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2495857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      2495857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2495857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  37588129500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37588129500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  37588129500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37588129500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  37588129500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37588129500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15060.209579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15060.209579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15060.209579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15060.209579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15060.209579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15060.209579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 326                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2836480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        368                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7330                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7330                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               99228                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              99228                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5598                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        19964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        34776                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       178340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       178340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  213116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        22392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2127                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          202                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9982                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7620                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3827                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        46392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2849936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2849936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2896328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              6113500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               642000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                19500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                19500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy               18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy               18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              199500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            17375000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             1895500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5193000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy               76000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           283292501                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            24444000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            89572000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                89138                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.591288                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                89138                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         2407369466000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.591288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.018478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.018478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               802530                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              802530                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             89170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            89170                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     46731825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     46731825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10446727676                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total  10446727676                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10493459501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  10493459501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10493459501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  10493459501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           89170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          89170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 170554.105839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170554.105839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117516.285052                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117516.285052                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117679.258731                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117679.258731                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117679.258731                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117679.258731                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         37050                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                19009                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     1.949077                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           88864                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                88864                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     33031825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33031825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5998479593                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5998479593                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   6031511418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6031511418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   6031511418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6031511418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 120554.105839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120554.105839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67477.497221                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67477.497221                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67640.590086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67640.590086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67640.590086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67640.590086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    854302                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32693.341891                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     8968209                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    854302                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     10.497703                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               12095964000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      378.512251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       4483.844261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      27830.985379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.011551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.136836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.849334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.997722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32764                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          804                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         6118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        12495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13323                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999878                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  22794154                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 22794154                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2302612                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2302612                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      2494625                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          2494625                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data                17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             369636                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                369636                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst         2405306                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            2405306                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1822191                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1822191                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst               2405306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               2191827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  4597133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst              2405306                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              2191827                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 4597133                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data              38                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 38                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           442607                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              442607                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst         90518                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            90518                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       347104                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          347104                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst               90518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data              789711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 880229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst              90518                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data             789711                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                880229                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       997500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       997500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  37464950500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   37464950500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   8588321500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   8588321500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  30802846000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  30802846000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    8588321500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   68267796500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      76856118000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   8588321500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  68267796500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     76856118000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2302612                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2302612                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      2494625                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      2494625                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data            55                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               55                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         812243                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            812243                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst      2495824                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        2495824                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      2169295                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       2169295                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           2495824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           2981538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              5477362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          2495824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          2981538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             5477362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.690909                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.690909                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.544919                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.544919                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.036268                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.036268                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.160008                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.160008                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.036268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.264867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.160703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.036268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.264867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.160703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        26250                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        26250                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84646.086709                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84646.086709                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 94879.709008                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94879.709008                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 88742.411496                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88742.411496                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 94879.709008                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86446.556398                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87313.776301                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 94879.709008                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86446.556398                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87313.776301                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               516369                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    516369                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         5882                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          5882                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           38                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            38                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       442607                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         442607                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        90518                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        90518                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       347104                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       347104                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          90518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         789711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            880229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         90518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        789711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           880229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data        10332                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        10332                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        17388                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        17388                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       703000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       703000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  33038880500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33038880500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   7683141500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7683141500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  27331806000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27331806000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   7683141500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  60370686500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  68053828000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   7683141500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  60370686500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  68053828000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1477959000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1477959000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1477959000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1477959000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.690909                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.690909                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.544919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.544919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.036268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.160008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.160008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.036268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.264867                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.160703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.036268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.264867                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.160703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74646.086709                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74646.086709                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84879.709008                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84879.709008                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78742.411496                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78742.411496                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84879.709008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76446.556398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77313.776301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84879.709008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76446.556398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77313.776301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 209461.309524                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 209461.309524                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 84998.792271                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 84998.792271                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       1903099                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       936456                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          592                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7056                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             444952                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              10332                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             10332                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       605233                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           328401                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               86                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            442559                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           442559                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        437896                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         88896                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         2588                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       178434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       178434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        34776                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2604736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      2639512                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2817946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2847680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2847680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        46392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     44682944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     44729336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                47577016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             2944                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                      11392                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            986825                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.003222                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.056675                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  983645     99.68%     99.68% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    3180      0.32%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              986825                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            31569500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          3113879446                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            3591193                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         2917667528                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     10953084                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      5475710                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1841                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          16043                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        16035                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               7056                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           4672356                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             10332                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            10332                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2818981                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      2495130                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1015825                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              55                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             55                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           812243                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          812243                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       2495857                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2169446                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         2821                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7486811                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      8978614                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              16465425                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    159710528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    169143928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              328854456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          857455                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  16529600                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          6352112                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002817                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.053026                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                6334225     99.72%     99.72% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  17879      0.28%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      8      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            6352112                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         7889273000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           196403                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        2495857000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        2993787500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2452689530500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.006163                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  6163399000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2458852929500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                9203929                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  9203916                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              608256252                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 739176                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    10.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    93262222                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      93262222                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          203712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data          726240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             929952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       203712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        203712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       997472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          997472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             6366                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            22695                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               29061                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         31171                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              31171                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst           33051892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          117831086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             150882979                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      33051892                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         33051892                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       161837973                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            161837973                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       161837973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst          33051892                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         117831086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            312720952                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       29061                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      31171                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     29061                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    31171                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1856064                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3840                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1111040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  929952                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               997472                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     60                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                 13803                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             2263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             2813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             2794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             4449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             2081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         5                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    6163464000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                 29061                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                31171                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   29001                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    892                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    878                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   1118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   1083                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   1296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   1076                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    948                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    925                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    806                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         7504                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    395.249467                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   222.731222                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   389.580075                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2424     32.30%     32.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1680     22.39%     54.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          641      8.54%     63.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          381      5.08%     68.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          214      2.85%     71.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          169      2.25%     73.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          144      1.92%     75.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          134      1.79%     77.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1717     22.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         7504                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          741                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      39.134953                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     68.556847                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-31            424     57.22%     57.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-63           181     24.43%     81.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            54      7.29%     88.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           26      3.51%     92.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           16      2.16%     94.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-191           14      1.89%     96.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            7      0.94%     97.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            3      0.40%     97.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            3      0.40%     98.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            7      0.94%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            3      0.40%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.13%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::576-607            1      0.13%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::800-831            1      0.13%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           741                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          741                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      23.427800                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     21.513791                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     11.704895                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17           379     51.15%     51.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19            55      7.42%     58.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            17      2.29%     60.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            19      2.56%     63.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            16      2.16%     65.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            73      9.85%     75.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            25      3.37%     78.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30-31             5      0.67%     79.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            38      5.13%     84.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            17      2.29%     86.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            17      2.29%     89.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            17      2.29%     91.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            30      4.05%     95.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::42-43             7      0.94%     96.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-45             6      0.81%     97.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46-47             3      0.40%     97.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-49             2      0.27%     97.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::50-51             1      0.13%     98.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::54-55             1      0.13%     98.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-57             1      0.13%     98.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::60-61             1      0.13%     98.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::66-67             1      0.13%     98.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::76-77             1      0.13%     98.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::78-79             1      0.13%     98.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::80-81             1      0.13%     99.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::86-87             3      0.40%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::88-89             1      0.13%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::96-97             2      0.27%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            1      0.13%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           741                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    451180000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               994948750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  145005000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15557.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34307.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       301.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       180.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    150.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    161.84                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         3.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.30                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    23765                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   15090                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 81.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     102328.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    83.80                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 19713540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 10477995                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                71485680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               47397600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         435165120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            397095630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24630240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1162994940                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       527878080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        362476200                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             3059646645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            496.421965                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           5226918750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     41409750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     184772500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1302490000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1374676750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     709642000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2550408000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 33879300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 17999685                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               135581460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               43221600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         446843280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            461894370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             19837440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1528743990                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       346934400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        228234180                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             3263200635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            529.448221                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           5098721250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     22308000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     189368000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    842756750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    903452000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     852960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3352554250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                       330336                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                       1512                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                            24                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                    75874                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                      258788                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                       269                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                           44                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                   39371                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                       589124                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                       1781                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                            68                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                   115245                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                      427408                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                       846                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                  428254                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numPwrStateTransitions                 100                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples            50                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean          2307910                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev    5364199.163930                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           50    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value     26903500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::total              50                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      6048003500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED    115395500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                         12326798                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       50                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   237      5.38%      5.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       14      0.32%      5.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                  3573     81.04%     86.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                      99      2.25%     88.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      2      0.05%     89.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      2      0.05%     89.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      372      8.44%     97.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   76      1.72%     99.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                       12      0.27%     99.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                  21      0.48%     99.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrunique                   1      0.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   4409                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       7136                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               599                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 337                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                  10                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 342                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   337                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     5                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.570952                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.500000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.723044                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         4939906000     80.15%     80.15% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           1039609000     16.87%     97.02% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle            183747000      2.98%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      237                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     1670     41.99%     41.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                      26      0.65%     42.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                       6      0.15%     42.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                    2275     57.20%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 3977                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      1667     49.52%     49.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                       26      0.77%     50.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                        6      0.18%     50.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     1667     49.52%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  3366                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0               5071968000     82.29%     82.29% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                23196000      0.38%     82.67% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 6562000      0.11%     82.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31              1061536000     17.22%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total           6163262000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.998204                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.732747                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.846367                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1745754                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1745754                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1680411                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   6081                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       54665                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       177218                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1680411                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          6081                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             2314141                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1221508                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3558                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                3462                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        593916                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      334097                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     259819                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               230790.999963                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               12096007.000037                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.981277                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.018723                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                            247498                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30276      1.73%      1.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1062352     60.79%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     2182      0.12%     62.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     62.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1648      0.09%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                      11      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                     254      0.01%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   343844     19.68%     82.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  258724     14.80%     97.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2162      0.12%     97.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               2006      0.11%     97.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                  44144      2.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1747603                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             50085                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              560719                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             51109                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             10.971042                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          812                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          18949989                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         18949989                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       303593                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          303593                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data       225227                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         225227                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data         5593                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         5593                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data         6115                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         6115                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data        528820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           528820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data       528820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          528820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        22097                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         22097                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        27329                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        27329                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data          668                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          668                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        49426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          49426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        49426                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         49426                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    930798500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    930798500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1371601500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1371601500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     16884000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     16884000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   2302400000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2302400000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   2302400000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2302400000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       325690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       325690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data       252556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       252556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data         6261                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         6261                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data         6115                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         6115                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       578246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       578246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       578246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       578246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.067847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.108210                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.108210                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.106692                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.106692                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.085476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.085476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.085476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.085476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 42123.297280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42123.297280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 50188.499396                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50188.499396                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 25275.449102                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25275.449102                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 46582.770202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46582.770202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 46582.770202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46582.770202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        35503                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             35503                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        22097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        27329                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        27329                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          668                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          668                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        49426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        49426                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49426                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data         1073                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1073                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    908701500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    908701500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1344272500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1344272500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     16216000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16216000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2252974000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2252974000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2252974000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2252974000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    136832000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    136832000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    136832000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    136832000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.108210                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.108210                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.106692                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.106692                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.085476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.085476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 41123.297280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41123.297280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 49188.499396                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49188.499396                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 24275.449102                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24275.449102                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 45582.770202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45582.770202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 45582.770202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45582.770202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 224314.754098                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 224314.754098                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 127522.833178                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 127522.833178                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             59046                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.972121                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             1770539                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             59558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             29.727979                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   511.972121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          239                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           3554259                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          3554259                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      1688550                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         1688550                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       1688550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          1688550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      1688550                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         1688550                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        59053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         59053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        59053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          59053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        59053                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         59053                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1266157000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1266157000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1266157000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1266157000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1266157000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1266157000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      1747603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1747603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      1747603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      1747603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      1747603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      1747603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.033791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.033791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.033791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21441.027552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21441.027552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21441.027552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21441.027552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21441.027552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21441.027552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        59046                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             59046                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        59053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        59053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        59053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        59053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        59053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        59053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1207104000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1207104000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1207104000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1207104000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1207104000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1207104000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.033791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.033791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.033791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 20441.027552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20441.027552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 20441.027552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20441.027552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 20441.027552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20441.027552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  87                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   724992                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         90                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  637                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 637                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               23119                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              23119                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           88                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        45366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        45366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   47512                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          121                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          593                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          405                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         1727                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       725208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       725208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   726935                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy               110000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                21000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               91500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              964000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy              636000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy            72255230                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1683000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            22710000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                22683                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      32                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                22715                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           32                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               204147                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              204147                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             22683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            22683                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      3182985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3182985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2756129245                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   2756129245                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2759312230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   2759312230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2759312230                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   2759312230                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           22683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          22683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117888.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117888.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 121651.184896                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121651.184896                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 121646.705903                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121646.705903                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 121646.705903                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121646.705903                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         12502                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4143                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     3.017620                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           22656                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                22656                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      1832985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1832985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1622250586                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1622250586                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1624083571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1624083571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1624083571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1624083571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67888.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67888.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 71603.574594                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71603.574594                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 71599.152273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71599.152273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 71599.152273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71599.152273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     24521                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 28328.167719                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     1269228                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     54062                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     23.477267                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      324.683794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       8194.388872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      19809.095053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.009909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.250073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.604526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.864507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         29541                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          812                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        10746                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         9716                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.901520                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    465850                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   465850                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        35503                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            35503                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        58992                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            58992                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              13076                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 13076                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst           52685                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              52685                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          14308                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             14308                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                 52685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 27384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    80069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                52685                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                27384                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   80069                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data               8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            14244                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               14244                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          6366                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             6366                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data         8457                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            8457                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                6366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               22701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  29067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               6366                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              22701                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 29067                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       228000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       228000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1165688500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1165688500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    565311000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    565311000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    740368000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    740368000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     565311000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    1906056500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       2471367500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    565311000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1906056500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      2471367500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        35503                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35503                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        58992                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        58992                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data             9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          27320                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             27320                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst        59051                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          59051                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        22765                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         22765                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             59051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data             50085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               109136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            59051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data            50085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              109136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.888889                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.521376                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.521376                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.107805                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.107805                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.371491                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.371491                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.107805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.453249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.266337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.107805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.453249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.266337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        28500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        28500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81837.159506                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81837.159506                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88801.602262                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88801.602262                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87544.992314                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87544.992314                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88801.602262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83963.547861                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85023.136203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88801.602262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83963.547861                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85023.136203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 8515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      8515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          208                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           208                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             8                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        14244                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          14244                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6366                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         6366                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         8457                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         8457                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           6366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          22701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             29067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          6366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         22701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            29067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data         1073                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1073                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       148000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       148000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1023248500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1023248500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    501651000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    501651000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    655798000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    655798000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    501651000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1679046500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2180697500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    501651000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1679046500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2180697500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    129207000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    129207000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    129207000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    129207000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.521376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.521376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.107805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.371491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.371491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.107805                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.453249                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.266337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.107805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.453249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.266337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71837.159506                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71837.159506                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78801.602262                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78801.602262                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77544.992314                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77544.992314                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78801.602262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73963.547861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75023.136203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78801.602262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73963.547861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75023.136203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 211814.754098                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 211814.754098                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 120416.589003                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 120416.589003                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         98335                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        54981                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           27                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 610                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              15460                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                463                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               463                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        31171                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            15401                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               14                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             14238                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            14238                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         14850                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         22656                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         8390                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        45366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        45366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        82025                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        84171                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 129537                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1727                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1202432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1204159                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1929151                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             8417                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                        864                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             52831                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.159319                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.365977                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   44414     84.07%     84.07% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    8417     15.93%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               52831                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             1822500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           160707795                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            8809790                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy           97670250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       218278                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       109143                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          342                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1060                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1060                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                610                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             82455                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               463                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              463                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        44018                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        59046                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           30588                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               9                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              9                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            27320                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           27320                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         59053                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        22792                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         8390                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       177150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       152446                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                329596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3779104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2741407                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                6520511                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           32967                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    273408                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           143158                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.009807                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.098546                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 141754     99.02%     99.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1404      0.98%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             143158                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          157181500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy            34485                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          59053000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          50931000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6163399000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
