
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.455256                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2455256280500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2455256280500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 235438                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   235438                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5151233223                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750700                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   476.63                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   112218008                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     112218008                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         742144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       21488832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst          19328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data         326848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         591936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data        3196224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst         273824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data        1006336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::tsunami.ide         4032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           27649504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       742144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        19328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       591936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst       273824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1627232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     20971424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        20971424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst           23192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          671526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst             604                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data           10214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst           18498                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data           99882                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst            8557                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data           31448                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::tsunami.ide           126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              864047                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        655357                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             655357                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            302267                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data           8752175                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst              7872                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data            133122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst            241089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data           1301788                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst            111526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data            409870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::tsunami.ide            1642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              11261352                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       302267                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         7872                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst       241089                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst       111526                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           662754                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         8541440                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              8541440                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         8541440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           302267                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data          8752175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst             7872                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data           133122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst           241089                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data          1301788                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst           111526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data           409870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::tsunami.ide           1642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             19802791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      864047                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     655357                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    864047                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   655357                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               55251904                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   47104                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                32473472                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                27649504                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             20971424                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    736                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                147929                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             52756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             53745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             53569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             51640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             57701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             56448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             58405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             53814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             53796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             52940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            52414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            52851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            52576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            52246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            52768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            55642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             33099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             33475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             31921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             31434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             33146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             31946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             31322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             31404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             30514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             30616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            30326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            30387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            30519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            31356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            32542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            33391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                        47                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2455256119500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                864047                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5               655357                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  861063                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    1988                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                      13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                      18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                      22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   6397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   7480                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  30370                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  30173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  30030                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  30393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  30445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  30640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  32005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  30807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  30809                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  31756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  30525                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  30539                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  30355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  30227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  29776                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  29697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                    249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                    223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                    239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                    215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                    165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                    163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                    133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                    144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                    115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                    102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                    103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                    124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                    113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                     85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                     70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                     73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                     88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                    123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                    138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                    160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                     69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                     61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                     50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       222653                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    393.999847                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   221.279641                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   387.930926                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        73504     33.01%     33.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        49831     22.38%     55.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        16402      7.37%     62.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10429      4.68%     67.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7787      3.50%     70.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         5865      2.63%     73.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         5689      2.56%     76.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         4186      1.88%     78.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        48960     21.99%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       222653                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        29502                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      29.258457                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    527.509666                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095        29499     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20480-24575            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::57344-61439            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         29502                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        29502                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.198766                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.866586                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      5.117343                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         28292     95.90%     95.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-23            65      0.22%     96.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           428      1.45%     97.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-31            57      0.19%     97.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           241      0.82%     98.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-39            77      0.26%     98.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           203      0.69%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            21      0.07%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-51             9      0.03%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-55            11      0.04%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-59             2      0.01%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::60-63             4      0.01%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            10      0.03%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::68-71            15      0.05%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            10      0.03%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::76-79             8      0.03%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            14      0.05%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::84-87             1      0.00%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::88-91            10      0.03%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::92-95             6      0.02%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::96-99             6      0.02%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            4      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::108-111            1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::112-115            2      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::116-119            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::136-139            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::140-143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         29502                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  14768733470                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             30955814720                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 4316555000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     17107.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                35857.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        22.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        13.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     11.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      8.54                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      27.21                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   758871                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  389184                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 87.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                76.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1615933.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    83.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                804178200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                427427055                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              3127876920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1345439340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         14115207600.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          16962945780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy            774191040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     33267522180                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     15497681280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     554655816660                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           640982429445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            261.065386                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2416031180000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1246378000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    5993352000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 2302717889750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  40358440500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   31985245750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  72954974500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                785571360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                417541080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              3036163620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1303178220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         14525787120.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          17091652920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy            787332000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     33225797610                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     16674121440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     554012339520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           641863857510                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            261.424383                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2415710822749                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1287600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    6168604000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 2299428753750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  43422210750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   32085481001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  72863630999                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    11553715                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      2643                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  208897                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5656967                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      389                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                          34                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                  91736                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    17210682                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                      3032                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                           34                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  300633                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    2366874                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                     1106                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                2367980                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions              14104                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         7052                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    321116633.153715                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   450070843.980179                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         7052    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value         7000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2000000000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           7052                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   190741783500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2264514497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                      4910512561                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    7052                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                 1050      0.83%      0.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 2030      1.60%      2.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       9      0.01%      2.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      2.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               114804     90.29%     92.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   5221      4.11%     96.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     96.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     4      0.00%     96.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     4      0.00%     96.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     96.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    3840      3.02%     99.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 131      0.10%     99.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                      44      0.03%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                127151                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    134565                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5752                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                472                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                471                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                  472                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.081885                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.151510                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      2452651802000     99.89%     99.89% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          2603266500      0.11%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    2031                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   46588     38.22%     38.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     11      0.01%     38.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   2474      2.03%     40.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    757      0.62%     40.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  72055     59.12%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              121885                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    46447     48.70%     48.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      11      0.01%     48.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    2474      2.59%     51.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     757      0.79%     52.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   45693     47.91%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                95382                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2381376183000     96.99%     96.99% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                9516000      0.00%     96.99% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1314481500      0.05%     97.04% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30              817708000      0.03%     97.08% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            71737182000      2.92%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2455255070500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.996973                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.634141                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.782557                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   67978239                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     67978239                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             65680704                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                227601                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    2215500                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      9056620                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    65680704                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       227601                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           89217616                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          50043189                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               76672                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              78126                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     17235525                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   11567764                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5667761                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              4529028993.998156                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              381483567.001845                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.077687                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.922313                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         11683392                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              1396269      2.05%      2.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 48189533     70.89%     72.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  151225      0.22%     73.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     73.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  93703      0.14%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                   1738      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     73.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                11818464     17.38%     90.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                5620353      8.27%     98.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead              67678      0.10%     99.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite             64482      0.09%     99.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                577860      0.85%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  67981305                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          2303515                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1015.703024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           14850782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          2303515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.447009                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        168203500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  1015.703024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.991897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          794                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        553177222                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       553177222                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      9570596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        9570596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      4841393                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4841393                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       209335                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       209335                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       212451                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       212451                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     14411989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        14411989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     14411989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       14411989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      1765137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1765137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       588399                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       588399                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data        14835                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        14835                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data        11429                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        11429                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      2353536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2353536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      2353536                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2353536                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  42777173000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42777173000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  37164185500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  37164185500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    150369500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    150369500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     58827500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     58827500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data         5500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total         5500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  79941358500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  79941358500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  79941358500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  79941358500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     11335733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11335733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5429792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5429792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       224170                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       224170                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       223880                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       223880                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     16765525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16765525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     16765525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16765525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.155714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.155714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.108365                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.108365                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.066177                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.066177                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051050                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.051050                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.140379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.140379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.140379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.140379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24234.477550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24234.477550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 63161.537494                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63161.537494                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10136.130772                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10136.130772                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5147.213230                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5147.213230                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33966.490634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33966.490634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33966.490634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33966.490634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1940371                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          1940371                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1765137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1765137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       588399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       588399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14835                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        14835                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        11429                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        11429                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      2353536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2353536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      2353536                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2353536                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         5218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         9826                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9826                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        15044                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15044                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  41012036000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41012036000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  36575786500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36575786500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    135534500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    135534500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     47399500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47399500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data         4500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         4500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  77587822500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  77587822500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  77587822500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  77587822500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1188708500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1188708500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1188708500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1188708500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.155714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.155714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.108365                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.108365                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.066177                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066177                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051050                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051050                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.140379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.140379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.140379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.140379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 23234.477550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23234.477550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62161.537494                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62161.537494                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  9136.130772                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9136.130772                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  4147.300726                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4147.300726                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32966.490634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32966.490634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32966.490634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32966.490634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227809.218091                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227809.218091                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 79015.454666                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 79015.454666                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements          1822157                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.957028                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           66144047                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1822157                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            36.299862                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       1400415500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   255.957028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        137785063                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       137785063                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     66158855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       66158855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     66158855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        66158855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     66158855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       66158855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst      1822451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1822451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst      1822451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       1822451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst      1822451                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      1822451                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  26047945000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26047945000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  26047945000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  26047945000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  26047945000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  26047945000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     67981306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     67981306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     67981306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     67981306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     67981306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     67981306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.026808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.026808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.026808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14292.809519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14292.809519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14292.809519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14292.809519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14292.809519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14292.809519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1822157                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total          1822157                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      1822451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1822451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      1822451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1822451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      1822451                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1822451                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  24225494000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24225494000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  24225494000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24225494000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  24225494000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24225494000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.026808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.026808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.026808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13292.809519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13292.809519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13292.809519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13292.809519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13292.809519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13292.809519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     1027925                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                       620                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                           24                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                    3850                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                     588845                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                       64                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          15                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                   2119                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     1616770                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                       684                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           39                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                    5969                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                     602858                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      234                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                 603092                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numPwrStateTransitions               5925                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2963                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    824894012.656092                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   314432030.823016                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         2963    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value      1000000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    974072000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           2963                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    11095321000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2444160959500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                      4910169932                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    2963                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                   76      0.17%      0.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  269      0.61%      0.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       9      0.02%      0.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.02%      0.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                36174     81.73%     82.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   4885     11.04%     93.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     93.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.00%     93.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.01%     93.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    2797      6.32%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  35      0.08%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 44263                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     47823                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              342                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                143                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               2675                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                220                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  143                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                   77                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.643275                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.028785                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.139241                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        3156399000      0.13%      0.13% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            71651000      0.00%      0.13% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        2442742676500     99.87%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     270                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   11569     27.83%     27.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   2442      5.87%     33.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    160      0.38%     34.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  27402     65.91%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               41573                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    11516     45.20%     45.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    2442      9.59%     54.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     160      0.63%     55.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   11358     44.58%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                25476                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2376072025000     96.78%     96.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1054682000      0.04%     96.82% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30              153412500      0.01%     96.83% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31            77804832500      3.17%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2455084952000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.995419                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.414495                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.612802                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    4737042                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      4737042                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              4530609                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                 13091                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     188265                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       376403                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     4530609                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                        13091                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads            6161474                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           3519581                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                6385                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               6548                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1622812                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1030402                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    592410                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              4887980838.342954                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              22189093.657046                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.004519                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.995481                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           664296                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                31816      0.67%      0.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  2840233     59.95%     60.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   15510      0.33%     60.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                    644      0.01%     60.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     60.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                     11      0.00%     60.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     60.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     60.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1048301     22.13%     83.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 586729     12.38%     95.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead               6305      0.13%     95.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite              6131      0.13%     95.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                202085      4.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   4737765                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements            20352                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          954.786834                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            1478907                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            20352                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            72.666421                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      79221102500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   954.786834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.932409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.932409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          700                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          652                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.683594                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         51755840                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        51755840                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data       991034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         991034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data       557147                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        557147                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        19732                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19732                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        10342                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        10342                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      1548181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         1548181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      1548181                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        1548181                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data        17614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        16880                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        16880                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         1357                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1357                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data         2264                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2264                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data        34494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         34494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data        34494                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        34494                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    274220500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    274220500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    905182500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    905182500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      8553500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      8553500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     16067500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     16067500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        16000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        16000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1179403000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1179403000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1179403000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1179403000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1008648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1008648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data       574027                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       574027                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        21089                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21089                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        12606                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        12606                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      1582675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1582675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      1582675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1582675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.017463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.029406                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.029406                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.064346                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.064346                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.179597                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.179597                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.021795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.021795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15568.326331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15568.326331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 53624.555687                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53624.555687                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6303.242447                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6303.242447                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7096.952297                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7096.952297                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 34191.540558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34191.540558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 34191.540558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34191.540558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15404                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            15404                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        17614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        16880                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16880                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1357                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         1357                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2264                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         2264                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        34494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        34494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        34494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        34494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         2901                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         2901                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         2922                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         2922                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    256606500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    256606500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    888302500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    888302500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      7196500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7196500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     13806500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13806500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        13000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        13000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1144909000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1144909000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1144909000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1144909000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      5044000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      5044000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      5044000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      5044000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.017463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.029406                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029406                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.064346                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064346                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.179597                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179597                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.021795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.021795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14568.326331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14568.326331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52624.555687                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52624.555687                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5303.242447                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5303.242447                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6098.277385                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6098.277385                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 33191.540558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33191.540558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 33191.540558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33191.540558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 240190.476190                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 240190.476190                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  1726.214921                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  1726.214921                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           228878                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          251.569151                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            4498804                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           228878                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            19.655904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      71720316500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   251.569151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.982692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.982692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses          9704664                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses         9704664                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      4508631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        4508631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      4508631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         4508631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      4508631                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        4508631                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       229134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       229134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       229134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        229134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       229134                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       229134                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3099852500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3099852500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3099852500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3099852500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3099852500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3099852500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      4737765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4737765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      4737765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      4737765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      4737765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      4737765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.048363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.048363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.048363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.048363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.048363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13528.557525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13528.557525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13528.557525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13528.557525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13528.557525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13528.557525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks       228878                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total           228878                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       229134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       229134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       229134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       229134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       229134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       229134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2870718500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2870718500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2870718500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2870718500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2870718500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2870718500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.048363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.048363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.048363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12528.557525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12528.557525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12528.557525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12528.557525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12528.557525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12528.557525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     4934986                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                      5443                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                           14                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                  475345                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    3125869                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                      489                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                          73                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                 168003                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                     8060855                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                      5932                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                           87                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                  643348                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                    2979756                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                     2970                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           1                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                2982726                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numPwrStateTransitions              10529                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         5265                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    453704466.286800                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   456890195.590264                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         5265    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        20500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    974016000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           5265                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    66502265500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2388754015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                      4910163450                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                    5265                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                 1436      1.51%      1.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      1.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      1.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                 3576      3.76%      5.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                      18      0.02%      5.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      5.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                78656     82.73%     88.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   5383      5.66%     93.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     93.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     2      0.00%     93.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     5      0.01%     93.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.00%     93.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    5597      5.89%     99.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 266      0.28%     99.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                     124      0.13%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 95078                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    108163                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             8429                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                755                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                755                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  755                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.089572                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.164416                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      2447707308500     99.79%     99.79% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user          5054686000      0.21%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                    3577                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                   33245     37.63%     37.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                    103      0.12%     37.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                   2444      2.77%     40.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                   1551      1.76%     42.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  51004     57.73%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               88347                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                    32492     48.11%     48.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                     103      0.15%     48.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                    2444      3.62%     51.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                    1551      2.30%     54.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                   30949     45.82%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                67539                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2354575075000     95.91%     95.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21               78209500      0.00%     95.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1087304500      0.04%     95.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30             1502482000      0.06%     96.01% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31            97838640000      3.99%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2455081711000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.977350                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.606796                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.764474                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   25584300                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     25584300                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             24826503                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                297006                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     769114                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      2604687                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    24826503                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                       297006                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           34665411                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          18713303                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads              148422                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes             151709                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      8103344                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    4960757                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   3142587                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              4777168374.905980                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              132995075.094021                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.027086                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.972914                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          3649957                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               185992      0.73%      0.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 16546939     64.66%     65.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   48883      0.19%     65.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     65.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  23264      0.09%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                   1873      0.01%     65.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     65.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     65.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     65.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     65.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     65.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     65.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     65.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     65.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     65.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     65.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     65.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     65.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     65.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     65.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     65.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     65.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     65.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     65.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     65.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 4935440     19.29%     84.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                3067090     11.99%     96.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead             138515      0.54%     97.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite            133354      0.52%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                508969      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  25590319                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           229779                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          912.197181                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            7679849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           229779                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            33.422763                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      75193069500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   912.197181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.890818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.890818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          750                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          749                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.732422                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        259018141                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       259018141                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      4706054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4706054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      2826945                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2826945                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data        56671                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        56671                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data        47200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        47200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      7532999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         7532999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      7532999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        7532999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       175062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       175062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       233548                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       233548                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data        15781                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        15781                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data        20889                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        20889                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data       408610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        408610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data       408610                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       408610                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4443148000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4443148000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   8151121000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   8151121000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    121386000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    121386000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     98399500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     98399500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        18500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        18500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  12594269000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12594269000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  12594269000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12594269000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      4881116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4881116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      3060493                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3060493                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        72452                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        72452                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data        68089                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        68089                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      7941609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7941609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      7941609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7941609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.035865                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035865                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.076311                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.076311                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.217813                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.217813                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.306790                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.306790                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.051452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.051452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.051452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.051452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 25380.425221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25380.425221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 34901.266549                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34901.266549                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  7691.907991                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7691.907991                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  4710.589305                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4710.589305                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 30822.224126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30822.224126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 30822.224126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30822.224126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       163796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           163796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       175062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       175062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       233548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       233548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        15781                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        15781                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        20889                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        20889                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       408610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       408610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       408610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       408610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         1732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         7844                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7844                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         9576                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         9576                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4268086000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4268086000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7917573000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7917573000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    105605000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105605000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     77513500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77513500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        15500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        15500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  12185659000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12185659000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  12185659000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12185659000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    358667500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    358667500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    358667500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    358667500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.035865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.076311                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076311                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.217813                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.217813                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.306790                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.306790                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.051452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.051452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24380.425221                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24380.425221                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 33901.266549                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33901.266549                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  6691.907991                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6691.907991                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  3710.732922                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3710.732922                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 29822.224126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29822.224126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 29822.224126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29822.224126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 207082.852194                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 207082.852194                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 37454.835004                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 37454.835004                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements          1357559                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          251.534855                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           24227753                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1357559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            17.846556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      72291546500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   251.534855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.982558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.982558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         52538558                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        52538558                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst     24232399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       24232399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst     24232399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        24232399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst     24232399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       24232399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst      1357920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1357920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst      1357920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total       1357920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst      1357920                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total      1357920                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  19647987500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19647987500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  19647987500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  19647987500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  19647987500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  19647987500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst     25590319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     25590319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst     25590319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     25590319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst     25590319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     25590319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.053064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.053064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.053064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.053064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.053064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14469.178965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14469.178965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14469.178965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14469.178965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14469.178965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14469.178965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1357559                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total          1357559                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst      1357920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1357920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst      1357920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1357920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst      1357920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1357920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  18290067500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18290067500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  18290067500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18290067500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  18290067500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18290067500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.053064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.053064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.053064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13469.178965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13469.178965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13469.178965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13469.178965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13469.178965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13469.178965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                     2813810                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                      3886                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                           60                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                  129853                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                    1850675                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                      386                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                          54                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                  63069                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                     4664485                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                      4272                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                          114                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                  192922                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                    1785407                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                     1820                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                1787227                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numPwrStateTransitions               7167                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         3584                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    674708798.409598                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   404872245.266809                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         3584    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    974039000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           3584                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    37099947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2418156333500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                      4910171390                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                    3584                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                  638      0.70%      0.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1811      1.98%      2.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                      28      0.03%      2.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      2.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                79133     86.73%     89.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   4999      5.48%     94.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     94.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     2      0.00%     94.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.00%     94.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                    4419      4.84%     99.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                 129      0.14%     99.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                      63      0.07%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 91237                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                    100623                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5605                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                605                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                605                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                  605                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.107939                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.194847                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      2451313747500     99.93%     99.93% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user          1636031000      0.07%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                    1812                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                   30153     34.77%     34.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                   2441      2.81%     37.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                    814      0.94%     38.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                  53323     61.48%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               86731                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                    29515     47.89%     47.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                    2441      3.96%     51.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                     814      1.32%     53.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                   28855     46.82%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                61625                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2363725852000     96.28%     96.28% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1093079500      0.04%     96.32% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30              737318500      0.03%     96.35% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31            89529431000      3.65%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2455085681000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.978841                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.541136                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.710530                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   13918427                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     13918427                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             13401899                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                103660                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     550151                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1288324                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    13401899                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                       103660                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           18434327                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          10077837                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               51582                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              52764                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      4689398                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    2829032                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1860366                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              4835976651.236214                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              74194738.763786                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.015110                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.984890                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          2048462                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                91520      0.66%      0.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  8540087     61.34%     62.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   29648      0.21%     62.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     62.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   7751      0.06%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                    575      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 2888833     20.75%     83.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1816519     13.05%     96.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead              48547      0.35%     96.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite             46787      0.34%     96.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                452546      3.25%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  13922813                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements           184519                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          985.963180                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            4403109                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           184519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.862632                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      75215205500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   985.963180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.962855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.962855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          981                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          957                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.958008                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        149867863                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       149867863                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data      2639065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2639065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data      1655817                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1655817                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data        48740                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        48740                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data        43816                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        43816                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data      4294882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total         4294882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data      4294882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total        4294882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data       123545                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       123545                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data       133699                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       133699                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data        13637                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        13637                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data        17850                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        17850                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data       257244                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        257244                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data       257244                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       257244                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2100686000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2100686000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2698166500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2698166500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     85887000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     85887000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     89203000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     89203000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        16500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        16500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4798852500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4798852500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4798852500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4798852500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data      2762610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2762610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data      1789516                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1789516                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data        62377                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        62377                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data        61666                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        61666                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data      4552126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4552126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data      4552126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4552126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.044720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.074712                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.074712                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.218622                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.218622                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.289463                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.289463                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.056511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.056511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17003.407665                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17003.407665                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20180.902625                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20180.902625                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  6298.086089                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6298.086089                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  4997.366947                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4997.366947                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 18654.866586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18654.866586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 18654.866586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18654.866586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       140566                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           140566                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       123545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       123545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       133699                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       133699                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        13637                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        13637                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        17850                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        17850                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       257244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       257244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       257244                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       257244                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data         4321                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         4321                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data         4420                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         4420                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1977141000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1977141000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2564467500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2564467500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     72250000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72250000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     71356000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71356000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        13500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        13500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4541608500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4541608500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4541608500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4541608500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     17263000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     17263000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     17263000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     17263000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.044720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.074712                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074712                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.218622                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218622                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.289463                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.289463                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.056511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.056511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16003.407665                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16003.407665                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 19180.902625                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19180.902625                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  5298.086089                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5298.086089                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  3997.535014                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3997.535014                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17654.866586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17654.866586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17654.866586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17654.866586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 174373.737374                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 174373.737374                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data  3905.656109                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  3905.656109                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements           974770                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          251.501186                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           12941932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs           974770                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            13.276908                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      72847422000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   251.501186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.982427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.982427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         28820700                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        28820700                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst     12947739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       12947739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst     12947739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        12947739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst     12947739                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       12947739                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst       975074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       975074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst       975074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total        975074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst       975074                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total       975074                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  13748252500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13748252500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  13748252500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  13748252500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  13748252500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  13748252500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst     13922813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13922813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst     13922813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     13922813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst     13922813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     13922813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.070034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.070034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.070034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.070034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.070034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14099.701664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14099.701664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14099.701664                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14099.701664                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14099.701664                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14099.701664                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks       974770                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total           974770                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst       975074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       975074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst       975074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       975074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst       975074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       975074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  12773178500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12773178500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  12773178500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12773178500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  12773178500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12773178500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.070034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.070034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.070034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13099.701664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13099.701664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13099.701664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13099.701664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13099.701664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13099.701664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 326                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2836480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        368                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7346                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7346                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              113788                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             113788                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        33052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          840                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        19978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         3638                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        63924                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       178344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       178344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  242268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio       132208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2031                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          169                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9989                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio        14532                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3827                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       162998                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2849952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2849952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  3012950                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             35899500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               627000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                19500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                19500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy               18500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy               18500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              175000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            17402000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             3611000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5245000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy               76000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           283259441                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            39032000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            89576000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                89140                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.611477                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                89140                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         2408339762000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.611477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.019109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.019109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               802548                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              802548                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        89172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             89172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        89172                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            89172                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     46248824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     46248824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10453587617                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total  10453587617                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10499836441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  10499836441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10499836441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  10499836441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        89172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           89172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        89172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          89172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 167568.202899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167568.202899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117593.453215                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117593.453215                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117748.132160                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117748.132160                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117748.132160                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117748.132160                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         36669                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                19113                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     1.918537                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           88864                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                88864                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        89172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        89172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     32448824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32448824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   6005507384                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6005507384                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   6037956208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6037956208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   6037956208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6037956208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117568.202899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117568.202899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67556.553546                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67556.553546                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67711.346701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67711.346701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67711.346701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67711.346701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    836691                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32697.872696                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     7765503                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    836691                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      9.281208                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               11416066000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      548.677994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      4125.171938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     15177.087582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst        40.099066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data       315.714140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst       103.889832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data      9642.523505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst       572.184299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data      2172.524340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.016744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.125890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.463168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.001224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.009635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.003170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.294266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.017462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.066300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.997860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          860                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7916                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        19552                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses               12995047320                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses              12995047320                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2260137                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2260137                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      2943283                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          2943283                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             6902                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              964                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data             6952                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data             5007                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                19825                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data           1289                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            697                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data           1454                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data           1767                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               5207                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            151840                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data              1535                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            121234                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data             21356                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                295965                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst        1799246                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst         228486                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst        1339359                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst         966461                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            4333552                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       1458129                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data          6369                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data         89200                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data         46516                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1600214                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              1799246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data              1609969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst               228486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data                 7904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              1339359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data               210434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst               966461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data                67872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  6229731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             1799246                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data             1609969                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst              228486                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data                7904                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             1339359                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data              210434                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst              966461                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data               67872                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 6229731                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             25                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            100                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data             82                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data             40                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                247                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total                4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          396972                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data            8724                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data           67608                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data           21570                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              494874                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst        23200                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst          646                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst        18532                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst         8594                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            50972                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       274646                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data         1492                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data        32819                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data        10257                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          319214                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              23200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             671618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst                646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data              10216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              18532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data             100427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst               8594                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data              31827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 865060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             23200                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            671618                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst               646                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data             10216                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             18532                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data            100427                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst              8594                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data             31827                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                865060                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       147500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        88500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       834500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       935000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      2005500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        58000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        29500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        87500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33964042500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    824224000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6152860500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1951352000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   42892479000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2083947500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     61284500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1663084500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    752496500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   4560813000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  23021977000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    148405000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3026359500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1221732500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  27418474000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2083947500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  56986019500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     61284500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    972629000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1663084500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9179220000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    752496500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   3173084500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      74871766000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2083947500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  56986019500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     61284500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    972629000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1663084500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9179220000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    752496500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   3173084500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     74871766000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2260137                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2260137                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      2943283                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      2943283                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         6927                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1064                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data         7034                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data         5047                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            20072                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1291                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          698                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data         1455                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data         1767                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           5211                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        548812                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data         10259                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        188842                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data         42926                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            790839                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1822446                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       229132                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      1357891                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst       975055                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        4384524                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1732775                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data         7861                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       122019                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data        56773                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1919428                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          1822446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          2281587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst           229132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data            18120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          1357891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data           310861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst           975055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data            99699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              7094791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         1822446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         2281587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst          229132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data           18120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         1357891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data          310861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst          975055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data           99699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             7094791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003609                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.093985                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.011658                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.007926                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.012306                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001549                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.001433                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000687                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.000768                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.723330                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.850375                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.358014                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.502493                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.625758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012730                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002819                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013648                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.008814                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.011625                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.158501                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.189798                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.268966                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.180667                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.166307                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.012730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.294364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.002819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.563797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.013648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.323061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.008814                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.319231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.121929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.012730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.294364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.002819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.563797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.013648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.323061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.008814                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.319231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.121929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data         5900                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data          885                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 10176.829268                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        23375                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8119.433198                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        29000                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        29500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        21875                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85557.778634                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 94477.762494                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 91007.876287                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 90466.017617                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86673.535082                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 89825.323276                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 94867.647059                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 89741.231384                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 87560.681871                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89476.830417                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83824.184587                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 99467.158177                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 92213.641488                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 119112.069806                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85893.707669                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 89825.323276                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84848.856791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 94867.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 95206.440877                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 89741.231384                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 91401.913828                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 87560.681871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 99697.882301                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86550.951379                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 89825.323276                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84848.856791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 94867.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 95206.440877                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 89741.231384                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 91401.913828                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 87560.681871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 99697.882301                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86550.951379                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               566493                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    566493                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            8                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           42                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           34                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           37                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total           121                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          117                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data           78                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total          196                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst               8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst              37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data              78                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             42                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             34                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            117                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             37                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data             78                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                317                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          718                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           718                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           25                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          100                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           82                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           40                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           247                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       396972                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         8724                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        67608                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        21570                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         494874                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        23192                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          604                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        18498                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         8557                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        50851                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       274646                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1491                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        32702                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        10179                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       319018                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         23192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        671618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         10215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         18498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        100310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          8557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         31749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            864743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        23192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       671618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        10215                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        18498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       100310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         8557                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        31749                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           864743                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         5218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         9826                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         2901                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         7844                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data         4321                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        24892                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        15044                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         2922                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         9576                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data         4420                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        31962                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       487500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1969000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1600000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       773000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4829500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        38000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        19500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        19500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        77000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  29994322500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    736984000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5476780500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1735652000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37943739000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1851173000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     51956000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1475085500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    663404500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4041619000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20275517000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    133484500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2689919500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1113671000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24212592000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1851173000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  50269839500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     51956000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    870468500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1475085500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   8166700000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    663404500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2849323000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  66197950000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1851173000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  50269839500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     51956000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    870468500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1475085500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   8166700000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    663404500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2849323000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  66197950000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1123480500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      4780500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    337012000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     16025500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1481298500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1123480500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      4780500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    337012000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     16025500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1481298500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003609                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.093985                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.011658                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.007926                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012306                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001549                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.001433                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000687                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000768                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.723330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.850375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.358014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.502493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.008776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.158501                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.189671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.268007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.179293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.294364                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.563742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.322684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.008776                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.318449                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.121884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.294364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.563742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.322684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.008776                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.318449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.121884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        19690                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19512.195122                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        19325                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19552.631579                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        19500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        19500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19250                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75557.778634                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 84477.762494                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 81007.876287                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 80466.017617                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76673.535082                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79819.463608                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 86019.867550                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 79742.972213                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 77527.696623                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79479.636585                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73824.184587                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 89526.827632                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 82255.504251                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 109408.684547                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75897.259716                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79819.463608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74848.856791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 86019.867550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 85214.733235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 79742.972213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 81414.614694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 77527.696623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 89745.283316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76552.166366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79819.463608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74848.856791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 86019.867550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 85214.733235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 79742.972213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 81414.614694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 77527.696623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 89745.283316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76552.166366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 215308.643158                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 227642.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 194579.676674                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 161873.737374                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 209518.882603                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 74679.639723                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  1636.036961                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 35193.400167                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data  3625.678733                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 46345.613541                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       2005693                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1054416                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          648                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7070                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             377215                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              24892                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             24892                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       655357                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           262623                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            85675                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          47215                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            495735                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           494260                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        370145                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         88896                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         1575                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       178438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       178438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        63924                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2691255                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      2755179                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2933617                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2847680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2847680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       162998                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     45773248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     45936246                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                48783926                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                           135433                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                      11456                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1119628                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.001985                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.044514                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1117405     99.80%     99.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    2223      0.20%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1119628                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            63111500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          3185153154                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            2585757                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         2873771506                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     14658034                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      6416185                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      2690358                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          10342                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         9469                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          873                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               7070                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           6518766                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             24892                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            24892                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2826630                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      4383364                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          748226                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          104886                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         52422                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         157308                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           10                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp           10                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           867640                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          867640                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       4384579                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2127121                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         1862                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          129                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5467054                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7003212                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       687144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        84193                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4073370                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1013800                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2924899                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       588638                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              21842310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    116627296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    135157645                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14656320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1095920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     86894400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15244837                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     62394400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7722292                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              439793110                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1255415                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  27233536                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          8407173                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.410836                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.839419                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                6413893     76.29%     76.29% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                1016253     12.09%     88.38% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 493453      5.87%     94.25% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 483503      5.75%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                     62      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      7      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            8407173                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        10679198492                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           264398                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1825558250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        2372179017                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy         231346045                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy          36581894                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy        1361220323                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy         423773874                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy         978937707                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy         262100502                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2455256280500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.005935                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  5935060000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2461191340500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               30554860                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 30554740                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1589840369                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 752748                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     3.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   114064013                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     114064013                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          61440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         452800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst          30944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data          68640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst          87840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data         129888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst           6560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data          48064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             886176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        61440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        30944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst        87840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst         6560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        186784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1222304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1222304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst            1920                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           14150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst             967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data            2145                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst            2745                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data            4059                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst             205                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data            1502                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               27693                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         38197                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              38197                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst          10352044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          76292405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst           5213764                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data          11565174                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst          14800187                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data          21884867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst           1105296                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data           8098317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             149312054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst     10352044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst      5213764                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst     14800187                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst      1105296                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         31471291                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       205946359                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            205946359                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       205946359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst         10352044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         76292405                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst          5213764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data         11565174                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst         14800187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data         21884867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst          1105296                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data          8098317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            355258414                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       27693                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      38197                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     27693                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    38197                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1771904                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1698880                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  886176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1222304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                 11658                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              2393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              2304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              2397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             2113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              2460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         7                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    5933794000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                 27693                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                38197                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   27596                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                      90                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   1534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   1445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   1396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   1524                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   1530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   1569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1898                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   1592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   1579                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   1843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   1522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   1516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   1451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   1300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   1305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         8001                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    433.785777                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   261.658236                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   382.944104                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2079     25.98%     25.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1612     20.15%     46.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          863     10.79%     56.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          558      6.97%     63.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          375      4.69%     68.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          284      3.55%     72.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          197      2.46%     74.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          167      2.09%     76.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1866     23.32%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         8001                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1260                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      21.966667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     44.403009                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           1105     87.70%     87.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-63           100      7.94%     95.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            28      2.22%     97.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           11      0.87%     98.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            3      0.24%     98.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            3      0.24%     99.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            1      0.08%     99.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            1      0.08%     99.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            3      0.24%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.08%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            1      0.08%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            1      0.08%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::576-607            1      0.08%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::736-767            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          1260                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1260                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      21.067460                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     19.559574                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     10.374147                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17           783     62.14%     62.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           170     13.49%     75.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-21             6      0.48%     76.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23             1      0.08%     76.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-25             2      0.16%     76.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           101      8.02%     84.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            10      0.79%     85.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30-31             4      0.32%     85.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            62      4.92%     90.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            15      1.19%     91.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            17      1.35%     92.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38-39             7      0.56%     93.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            47      3.73%     97.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::42-43             1      0.08%     97.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-45             4      0.32%     97.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46-47             6      0.48%     98.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-49             1      0.08%     98.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-53             1      0.08%     98.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-57             2      0.16%     98.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::60-61             2      0.16%     98.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::62-63             1      0.08%     98.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-65             3      0.24%     98.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::66-67             1      0.08%     98.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::68-69             2      0.16%     99.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::74-75             2      0.16%     99.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::76-77             2      0.16%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::80-81             1      0.08%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::86-87             1      0.08%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::88-89             1      0.08%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::90-91             1      0.08%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::92-93             1      0.08%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::94-95             1      0.08%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::96-97             1      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          1260                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    431443250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               950555750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  138430000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15583.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34333.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       298.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       286.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    149.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    205.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    2.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    23703                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   22525                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 85.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      90056.06                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    85.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 27588960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 14667675                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                95083380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               69676560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         437009040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            672623370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             18579360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1073098530                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       447027360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        252171720                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             3107683875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            523.614568                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           4411443750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     26146000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     185217750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    893895250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1164158250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1312252500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2353390250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 29552460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 15696120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               102594660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               68888340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         400130640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            634814700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             17896320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy       997848840                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       376564800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        353922960                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             2997909840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            505.118708                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           4492497000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     25302750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     169668000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1327422750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    980673500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1243705250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2188287750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                      143641                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                       497                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                   52425                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                     130273                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      125                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                          15                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                  25975                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                      273914                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                       622                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                           15                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                   78400                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                     254189                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                      268                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                 254457                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                 18                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples            9                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    329186888.888889                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   316776714.671961                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10            9    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value      1795000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    966560000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total              9                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     2972378000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   2962682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        11870120                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       9                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.29%      0.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   67      4.78%      5.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.14%      5.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1153     82.24%     87.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     16      1.14%     88.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.07%     88.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.07%     88.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     131      9.34%     98.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  24      1.71%     99.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.21%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  1402                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      2319                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              198                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                117                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                117                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                  117                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.590909                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.742857                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        5255017500     88.54%     88.54% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user           680438500     11.46%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      67                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     598     46.14%     46.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                      4      0.31%     46.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                      6      0.46%     46.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      2      0.15%     47.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    686     52.93%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                1296                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      596     49.58%     49.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                       4      0.33%     49.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                       6      0.50%     50.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       2      0.17%     50.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     594     49.42%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 1202                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0              5603909000     94.41%     94.41% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                3454000      0.06%     94.47% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                4085500      0.07%     94.54% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2373000      0.04%     94.58% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              321634500      5.42%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total          5935456000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.996656                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.865889                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.927469                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     747911                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       747911                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               720275                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3960                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      22690                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        75825                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      720275                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         3960                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            1008512                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            503987                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                2545                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               2507                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       275370                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     144744                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    130626                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              5925363.999002                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              5944756.000998                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.500817                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.499183                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           104046                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                14013      1.87%      1.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                   437184     58.40%     60.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     707      0.09%     60.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   1217      0.16%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                    230      0.03%     60.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     60.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     60.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  148153     19.79%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 129828     17.34%     97.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead               1353      0.18%     97.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite              1160      0.15%     98.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                 14703      1.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                    748548                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            28475                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          906.346346                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             264928                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            29499                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.980915                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   906.346346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.885104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.885104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          789                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          8797110                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         8797110                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       130122                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         130122                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       110577                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        110577                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data         1944                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1944                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data         2040                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2040                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       240699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          240699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       240699                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         240699                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        11432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        17492                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        17492                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data          317                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          317                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data           78                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           78                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        28924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         28924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        28924                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        28924                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    494967000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    494967000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    905695500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    905695500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4570500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      4570500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       413500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       413500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1400662500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1400662500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1400662500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1400662500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       141554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       141554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       128069                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       128069                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2261                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2261                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       269623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       269623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       269623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       269623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.080761                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.080761                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.136583                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.136583                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.140203                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.140203                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036827                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.036827                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.107276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.107276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.107276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.107276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43296.623513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43296.623513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51777.698376                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51777.698376                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14417.981073                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14417.981073                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5301.282051                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5301.282051                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 48425.615406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48425.615406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 48425.615406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48425.615406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        21687                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            21687                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        11432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        17492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        17492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          317                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          317                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           78                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        28924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        28924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        28924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data          600                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          600                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    483535000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    483535000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    888203500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    888203500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4253500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4253500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       335500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       335500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1371738500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1371738500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1371738500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1371738500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    103667000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    103667000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    103667000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    103667000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.080761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.080761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.136583                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136583                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.140203                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.140203                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036827                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036827                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.107276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.107276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42296.623513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42296.623513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50777.698376                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50777.698376                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13417.981073                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13417.981073                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  4301.282051                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4301.282051                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 47425.615406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47425.615406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 47425.615406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47425.615406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 239969.907407                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 239969.907407                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 172778.333333                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 172778.333333                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            23133                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.999767                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             740222                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            23389                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            31.648296                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   255.999767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1520230                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         1520230                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       725414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         725414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       725414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          725414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       725414                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         725414                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst        23134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        23134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst        23134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         23134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst        23134                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        23134                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    451776000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    451776000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    451776000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    451776000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    451776000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    451776000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       748548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       748548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       748548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       748548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       748548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       748548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.030905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.030905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.030905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.030905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 19528.659116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19528.659116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 19528.659116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19528.659116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 19528.659116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19528.659116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks        23133                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total            23133                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        23134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        23134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        23134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    428642000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    428642000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    428642000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    428642000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    428642000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    428642000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.030905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.030905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.030905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 18528.659116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18528.659116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 18528.659116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18528.659116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 18528.659116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18528.659116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                       30316                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                       325                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                           12                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                    1841                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                      19611                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                       34                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           8                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                    895                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                       49927                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                       359                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           20                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                    2736                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                      25186                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      124                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                  25310                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numPwrStateTransitions                 22                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           12                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean       445787750                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   381785428.797232                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           12    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    973381000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             12                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      585607000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   5349453000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                        11712426                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      11                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   56     12.39%     12.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.11%     13.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  290     64.16%     77.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                     15      3.32%     80.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      75     16.59%     97.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      1.99%     99.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.44%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   452                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       964                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              121                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 66                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 10                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   66                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.553719                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.100000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.680203                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         533690000      5.20%      5.20% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            27476000      0.27%      5.47% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          9702001000     94.53%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      56                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     152     40.64%     40.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                      6      1.60%     42.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      0.80%     43.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    213     56.95%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 374                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      152     49.03%     49.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                       6      1.94%     50.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      0.97%     51.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     149     48.06%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  310                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0              5732689000     97.89%     97.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2852000      0.05%     97.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                3523500      0.06%     98.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              117148500      2.00%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total          5856213000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.699531                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.828877                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.committedInsts                     170403                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                       170403                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses               164209                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                   247                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                       3642                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts        19889                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                      164209                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                          247                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads             218436                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes            123262                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                 120                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                121                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                        51015                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                      31185                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                     19830                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              10556771.524489                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              1155654.475511                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.098669                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.901331                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                            24992                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                 2929      1.72%      1.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                   108179     63.34%     65.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     354      0.21%     65.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     65.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                     40      0.02%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      3      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                   32270     18.90%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                  19754     11.57%     95.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                104      0.06%     95.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite               100      0.06%     95.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                  7049      4.13%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                    170782                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             3930                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          873.738372                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             144850                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4795                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            30.208551                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   873.738372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.853260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.853260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          865                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          847                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.844727                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1621461                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1621461                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data        27906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          27906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data        17183                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17183                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data          499                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          499                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data          524                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          524                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data        45089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           45089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data        45089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          45089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data         2383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data         1954                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1954                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data           56                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           56                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data           30                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           30                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data         4337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          4337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data         4337                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         4337                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     51676000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     51676000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    159970000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    159970000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1852500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1852500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       199000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       199000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    211646000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    211646000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    211646000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    211646000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data        30289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data        19137                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        19137                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data          555                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          555                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data          554                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          554                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data        49426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        49426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data        49426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        49426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.078675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.078675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.102106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.102106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.100901                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.100901                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.054152                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.054152                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.087747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.087747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.087747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.087747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21685.270667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21685.270667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 81867.963153                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81867.963153                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 33080.357143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33080.357143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6633.333333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6633.333333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 48800.092230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48800.092230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 48800.092230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48800.092230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2827                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             2827                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1954                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1954                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           56                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           56                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           30                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4337                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4337                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           22                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           22                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data           26                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     49293000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49293000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    158016000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    158016000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1796500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1796500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       169000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       169000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    207309000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    207309000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    207309000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    207309000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       676000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       676000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.078675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.102106                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102106                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.100901                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100901                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.054152                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054152                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.087747                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087747                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.087747                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087747                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20685.270667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20685.270667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 80867.963153                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80867.963153                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 32080.357143                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32080.357143                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5633.333333                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5633.333333                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 47800.092230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47800.092230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 47800.092230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47800.092230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       169000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       169000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data        26000                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        26000                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             6269                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             174340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             6525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            26.718774                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst          256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           347833                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          347833                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst       164513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         164513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst       164513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          164513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst       164513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         164513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst         6269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         6269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst         6269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          6269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         6269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         6269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    156221500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    156221500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    156221500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    156221500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    156221500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    156221500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       170782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       170782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst       170782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       170782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst       170782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       170782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.036708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.036708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.036708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 24919.684160                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24919.684160                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 24919.684160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24919.684160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 24919.684160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24919.684160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         6269                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             6269                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    149952500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    149952500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    149952500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    149952500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    149952500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    149952500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.036708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.036708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.036708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 23919.684160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23919.684160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 23919.684160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23919.684160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 23919.684160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23919.684160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                      150557                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                       375                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                   19733                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                     103938                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                       73                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                          12                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                  11548                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                      254495                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                       448                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                           12                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                   31281                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                     126080                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                      338                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                 126418                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numPwrStateTransitions                106                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           54                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    66092648.148148                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   198307196.660522                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           54    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    972800000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             54                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     2366057000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   3569003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                        11718003                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      53                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    5      0.22%      0.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   68      2.95%      3.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.13%      3.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1971     85.58%     88.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                     82      3.56%     92.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.04%     92.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.04%     92.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     110      4.78%     97.31% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  34      1.48%     98.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       6      0.26%     99.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                 21      0.91%     99.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.04%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                  2303                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      3123                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              178                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 87                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 87                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   87                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.488764                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.656604                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        5717591500     94.83%     94.83% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user           311927500      5.17%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      68                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     783     37.23%     37.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                     15      0.71%     37.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                      6      0.29%     38.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.05%     38.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   1298     61.72%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                2103                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      782     49.34%     49.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                      15      0.95%     50.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                       6      0.38%     50.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.06%     50.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     781     49.27%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 1585                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0              5140439500     87.74%     87.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21               12193000      0.21%     87.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                3176500      0.05%     88.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1244000      0.02%     88.02% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              701948500     11.98%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total          5859001500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.998723                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.601695                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.753685                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     757897                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                       757897                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses               730299                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                  2242                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      25926                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts        75522                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                      730299                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                         2242                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            1002114                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            540256                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                1070                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes               1019                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       255763                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     151523                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    104240                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              7046531.604681                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              4671471.395319                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.398658                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.601342                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           109370                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                10815      1.43%      1.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                   467453     61.64%     63.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    1411      0.19%     63.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     63.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                    381      0.05%     63.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     63.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     11      0.00%     63.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     63.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     63.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                     18      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  156195     20.60%     83.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 103837     13.69%     97.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                898      0.12%     97.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite               934      0.12%     97.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                 16404      2.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                    758357                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            17454                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          871.594083                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             248607                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            18150                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            13.697355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   871.594083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.851166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.851166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          696                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          693                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.679688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          8171458                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses         8171458                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data       138858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         138858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data        91864                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         91864                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data         2641                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2641                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data         2888                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2888                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data       230722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          230722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data       230722                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         230722                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data         9147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data         8948                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         8948                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data          353                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          353                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data           93                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           93                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data        18095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         18095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data        18095                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        18095                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    223980500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    223980500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    304713500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    304713500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      8076500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      8076500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       472000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       472000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data    528694000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    528694000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data    528694000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    528694000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data       148005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       148005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data       100812                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       100812                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data         2994                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2994                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data         2981                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2981                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data       248817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       248817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data       248817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       248817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.061802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.061802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.088759                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.088759                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.117902                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.117902                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.031198                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.031198                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.072724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.072724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.072724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.072724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24486.771619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24486.771619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 34053.810907                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34053.810907                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 22879.603399                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22879.603399                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  5075.268817                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5075.268817                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 29217.684443                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29217.684443                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 29217.684443                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29217.684443                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13146                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            13146                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         9147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         8948                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8948                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          353                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          353                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           93                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           93                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        18095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        18095                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18095                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data          401                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          401                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    214833500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    214833500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    295765500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    295765500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      7723500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7723500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       379000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       379000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    510599000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    510599000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    510599000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    510599000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     26786500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     26786500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     26786500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     26786500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.061802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.088759                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088759                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.117902                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117902                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.031198                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031198                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.072724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.072724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 23486.771619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23486.771619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 33053.810907                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33053.810907                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 21879.603399                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21879.603399                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  4075.268817                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4075.268817                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 28217.684443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28217.684443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 28217.684443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28217.684443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 179775.167785                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 179775.167785                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 66799.251870                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 66799.251870                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            45423                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.997597                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs             717577                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            45679                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            15.709122                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   255.997597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1562140                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses         1562140                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst       712931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         712931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst       712931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          712931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst       712931                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         712931                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst        45426                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        45426                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst        45426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         45426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst        45426                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        45426                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    805920000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    805920000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    805920000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    805920000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    805920000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    805920000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       758357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       758357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst       758357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       758357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst       758357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       758357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.059901                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.059901                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.059901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.059901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.059901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.059901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 17741.381588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17741.381588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 17741.381588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17741.381588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 17741.381588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17741.381588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks        45423                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total            45423                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        45426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        45426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        45426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        45426                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45426                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    760494000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    760494000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    760494000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    760494000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    760494000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    760494000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.059901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.059901                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059901                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.059901                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059901                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 16741.381588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16741.381588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 16741.381588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16741.381588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 16741.381588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16741.381588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                       30806                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                       335                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                           12                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                    1872                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                      19605                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                       36                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           9                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                    897                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                       50411                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                       371                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                           21                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                    2769                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                      25872                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                      127                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                  25999                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numPwrStateTransitions                 24                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           13                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    418871384.615385                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   365883078.592007                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           13    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    971852000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             13                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      489732000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   5445328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                        11710136                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      12                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.21%      0.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   61     12.92%     13.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.06%     14.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  301     63.77%     77.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                     16      3.39%     81.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                      77     16.31%     97.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      1.91%     99.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.42%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   472                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1001                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              138                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.485507                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.653659                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        6032077000     99.54%     99.54% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            27990000      0.46%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      61                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     157     40.46%     40.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                      6      1.55%     42.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      6      1.55%     43.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    219     56.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 388                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      157     48.46%     48.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                       6      1.85%     50.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       6      1.85%     52.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     155     47.84%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  324                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0              5768643000     98.52%     98.52% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2943500      0.05%     98.57% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                5467500      0.09%     98.67% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31               78014000      1.33%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total          5855068000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.707763                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.835052                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     169794                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                       169794                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses               163358                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                   439                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                       3997                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts        18870                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                      163358                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                          439                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads             218799                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes            123246                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                 219                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                223                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                        51562                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                      31718                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                     19844                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              10743873.094050                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              966262.905950                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.082515                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.917485                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                            24341                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                 3095      1.82%      1.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                   106768     62.74%     64.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                     164      0.10%     64.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                     37      0.02%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      3      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                   32744     19.24%     83.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                  19664     11.55%     95.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                203      0.12%     95.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite               196      0.12%     95.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                  7312      4.30%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                    170186                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             3744                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          917.128383                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs              78922                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4684                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            16.849274                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   917.128383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.895633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.895633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          940                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          930                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.917969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1638462                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1638462                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data        28243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          28243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data        17192                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17192                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data          535                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          535                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data          555                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          555                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data        45435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           45435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data        45435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          45435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data         2524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data         1909                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1909                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data           65                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           65                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data           42                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           42                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data         4433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          4433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data         4433                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         4433                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     38468000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     38468000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    123578000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    123578000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1309000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1309000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       246000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       246000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data    162046000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    162046000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data    162046000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    162046000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data        30767                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30767                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data        19101                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        19101                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data          600                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          600                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data          597                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          597                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data        49868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        49868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data        49868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        49868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.082036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.082036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.099942                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.099942                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.108333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.108333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.070352                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.070352                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.088895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.088895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.088895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.088895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15240.887480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15240.887480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 64734.415925                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64734.415925                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20138.461538                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20138.461538                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  5857.142857                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5857.142857                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 36554.477780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36554.477780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 36554.477780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36554.477780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2768                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             2768                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         2524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         1909                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1909                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           65                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           65                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           42                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         4433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         4433                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4433                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data           28                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     35944000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35944000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    121669000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    121669000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1244000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1244000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       204000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       204000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    157613000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    157613000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    157613000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    157613000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       677500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       677500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       677500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       677500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.082036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.099942                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099942                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.108333                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.108333                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.070352                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070352                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.088895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.088895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 14240.887480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14240.887480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 63734.415925                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63734.415925                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 19138.461538                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19138.461538                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  4857.142857                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4857.142857                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 35554.477780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35554.477780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 35554.477780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35554.477780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       169375                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       169375                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 24196.428571                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 24196.428571                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             7134                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             168859                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             7390                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            22.849662                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst          256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           347506                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          347506                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst       163052                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         163052                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst       163052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          163052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst       163052                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         163052                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst         7134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         7134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst         7134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          7134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst         7134                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         7134                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    111001000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    111001000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    111001000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    111001000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    111001000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    111001000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst       170186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       170186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst       170186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       170186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst       170186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       170186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.041919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.041919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.041919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.041919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.041919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.041919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 15559.433698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15559.433698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 15559.433698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15559.433698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 15559.433698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15559.433698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         7134                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             7134                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         7134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         7134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         7134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    103867000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103867000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    103867000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    103867000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    103867000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    103867000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.041919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.041919                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041919                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.041919                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041919                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14559.433698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14559.433698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14559.433698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14559.433698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14559.433698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14559.433698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  87                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   724992                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         90                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  619                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 619                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               23122                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              23122                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        45372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        45372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   47482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          572                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          405                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         1877                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       725232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       725232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   727109                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy               195501                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                21000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               32500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              923000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy              638500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy            72101891                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1644000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            22716000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                22686                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      32                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                22718                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           32                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               204174                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              204174                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        22686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             22686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        22686                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            22686                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      3533985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3533985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2677843906                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   2677843906                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2681377891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   2681377891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2681377891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   2681377891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        22686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           22686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        22686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          22686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117799.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117799.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 118195.793874                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118195.793874                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 118195.269814                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118195.269814                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 118195.269814                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118195.269814                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          9556                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4746                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     2.013485                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           22656                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                22656                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        22686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        22686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      2033985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2033985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1544267031                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1544267031                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1546301016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1546301016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1546301016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1546301016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67799.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67799.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 68161.503840                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68161.503840                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 68161.025126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68161.025126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 68161.025126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68161.025126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     27373                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32626.142738                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4275112                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     60141                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     71.084817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1709.906236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      2749.023879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     13978.165846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst       877.143136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data      1572.989951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst      3130.223950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data      4755.520116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst      1246.093991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data      2607.075631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.052182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.083894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.426580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.026768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.048004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.095527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.145127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.038028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.079562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          866                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7721                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        19240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4933                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 259017325                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                259017325                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        40428                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            40428                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        69757                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            69757                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               38                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data               16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data               31                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data               17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  102                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data             10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data              8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data              7763                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data                71                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data              5437                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data               328                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 13599                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst          21210                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst           5300                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst          42681                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst           6929                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              76120                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          6089                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data          1334                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data          6999                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data          1933                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             16355                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                21210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                13852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                 5300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data                 1405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                42681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data                12436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                 6929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data                 2261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   106074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst               21210                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               13852                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                5300                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data                1405                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst               42681                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data               12436                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                6929                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data                2261                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  106074                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data              3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data              7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data              5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            9410                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data            1825                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data            2741                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data            1398                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               15374                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1920                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst          967                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst         2745                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst          205                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             5837                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         4741                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data          321                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data         1330                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data          106                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            6498                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               1920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              14151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst                967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data               2146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst               2745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data               4071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data               1504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  27709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              1920                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             14151                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst               967                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data              2146                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst              2745                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data              4071                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst               205                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data              1504                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 27709                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        30500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        58000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       172000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        58000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       318500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    779021000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    153975500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    223567000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    114737000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1271300500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    168194000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     83203500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    238567000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     18216000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    508180500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    403739000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     32012000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    130955000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     11748500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    578454500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    168194000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1182760000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     83203500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    185987500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    238567000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data    354522000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     18216000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data    126485500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       2357935500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    168194000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1182760000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     83203500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    185987500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    238567000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data    354522000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     18216000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data    126485500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      2357935500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        40428                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        40428                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        69757                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        69757                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           39                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           38                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              118                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         17173                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data          1896                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data          8178                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data          1726                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             28973                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        23130                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         6267                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst        45426                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst         7134                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          81957                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        10830                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1655                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data         8329                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data         2039                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         22853                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst            23130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            28003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             6267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data             3551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst            45426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data            16507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             7134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data             3765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               133783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst           23130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           28003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            6267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data            3551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst           45426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data           16507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            7134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data            3765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              133783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025641                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.157895                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.184211                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.227273                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.135593                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.547953                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.962553                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.335168                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.809965                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.530632                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.083009                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.154300                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.060428                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.028736                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.071220                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.437765                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.193958                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.159683                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.051986                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.284339                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.083009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.505339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.154300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.604337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.060428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.246623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.028736                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.399469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.207119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.083009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.505339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.154300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.604337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.060428                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.246623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.028736                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.399469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.207119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        30500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19333.333333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24571.428571                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        11600                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19906.250000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82786.503719                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 84370.136986                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 81564.027727                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 82072.246066                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82691.589697                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87601.041667                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 86042.916236                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 86909.653916                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 88858.536585                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87061.932500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85159.038178                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 99725.856698                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 98462.406015                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 110834.905660                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89020.390890                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87601.041667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83581.372341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 86042.916236                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 86667.054986                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 86909.653916                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 87084.745763                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 88858.536585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 84099.401596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85096.376629                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87601.041667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83581.372341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 86042.916236                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 86667.054986                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 86909.653916                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 87084.745763                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 88858.536585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 84099.401596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85096.376629                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                15541                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     15541                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           96                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            96                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            16                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9410                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1825                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         2741                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         1398                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          15374                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1920                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          967                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         2745                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          205                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         5837                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4741                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          321                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         1330                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          106                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         6498                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          1920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         14151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          2146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          2745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          4071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          1504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             27709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         2745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         4071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          205                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         1504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            27709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           22                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data          600                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data           26                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data          401                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data           28                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1055                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        58500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       131500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        97000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       307500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    684921000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    135725500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    196157000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    100757000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1117560500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    148994000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     73533500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    211117000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     16166000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    449810500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    356329000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     28802000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    117655000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     10688500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    513474500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    148994000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1041250000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     73533500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    164527500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    211117000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    313812000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     16166000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    111445500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2080845500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    148994000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1041250000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     73533500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    164527500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    211117000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    313812000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     16166000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    111445500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2080845500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     98261500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       626000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     24924000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       627500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    124439000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     98261500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       626000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     24924000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       627500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    124439000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025641                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.157895                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.184211                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.227273                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135593                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.547953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.962553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.335168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.809965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.530632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.083009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.154300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.060428                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.028736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.437765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.193958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.159683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.051986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.284339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.083009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.505339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.154300                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.604337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.060428                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.246623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.028736                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.399469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.207119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.083009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.505339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.154300                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.604337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.060428                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.246623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.028736                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.399469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.207119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 18785.714286                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        19400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19218.750000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72786.503719                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 74370.136986                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 71564.027727                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 72072.246066                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72691.589697                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77601.041667                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76042.916236                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 76909.653916                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 78858.536585                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77061.932500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75159.038178                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 89725.856698                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 88462.406015                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 100834.905660                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79020.390890                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77601.041667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73581.372341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76042.916236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 76667.054986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 76909.653916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 77084.745763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 78858.536585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 74099.401596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75096.376629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77601.041667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73581.372341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76042.916236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 76667.054986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 76909.653916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 77084.745763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 78858.536585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 74099.401596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75096.376629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227457.175926                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       156500                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 167275.167785                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       156875                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 211271.646859                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 163769.166667                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 24076.923077                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 62154.613466                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 22410.714286                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 117951.658768                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         99550                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        51105                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           36                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 589                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              12954                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                466                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               466                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        38197                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            10111                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              611                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            207                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             15396                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            15358                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         12365                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         22656                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         1914                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        45372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        45372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        81864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        83974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 129346                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1877                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1383488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1385365                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2110357                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             2768                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                        960                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             52290                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.037292                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.189478                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   50340     96.27%     96.27% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    1950      3.73%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               52290                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             1810499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           175270234                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            2091852                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy           92803500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       274348                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       127782                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        29293                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           2744                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2350                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          394                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                589                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            108859                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               466                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              466                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        55969                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        81959                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           25007                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             697                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           243                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            940                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            29606                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           29606                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         81963                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        26307                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         1920                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp           29                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        69397                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        87070                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        18805                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        11986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       136275                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        53380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        21402                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        12139                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                410454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1480416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1590820                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       401152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       204220                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2907168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       950729                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       456576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       209196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                8200277                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           34231                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    628288                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           169164                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.230002                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.639196                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 144945     85.68%     85.68% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  14410      8.52%     94.20% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                   4938      2.92%     97.12% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                   4862      2.87%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      9      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             169164                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          199128000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy            52484                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          23152463                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          29721454                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy           6281974                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy           4409974                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy          45451449                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy          18613977                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy           7143481                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy           4497958                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5935060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
