
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.535470                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2535469934500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2535469934500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 225823                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   225823                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5084344955                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 756840                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   498.68                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   112613860                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     112613860                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         518960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       16627824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst         108400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data         606368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         512320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data        2894112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst          66720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data         457696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::tsunami.ide         4048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           21796448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       518960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       108400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       512320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst        66720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1206400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     18340256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        18340256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst           32435                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data         1039239                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst            6775                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data           37898                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst           32020                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data          180882                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst            4170                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data           28606                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::tsunami.ide           253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1362278                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1146266                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1146266                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            204680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data           6558084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst             42753                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data            239154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst            202061                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data           1141450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst             26315                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data            180517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::tsunami.ide            1597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total               8596611                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       204680                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst        42753                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst       202061                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst        26315                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           475809                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         7233474                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              7233474                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         7233474                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           204680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data          6558084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst            42753                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data           239154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst           202061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data          1141450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst            26315                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data           180517                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::tsunami.ide           1597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             15830085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1362278                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1146266                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1362278                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1146266                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               87172544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   13248                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                51479680                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                21796448                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             18340256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    207                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                341869                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             83254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             84878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             86216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             82900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             82885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             87048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             90646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             87024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             83810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             84111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            87181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            84883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            86203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            84028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            82512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            84492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             51703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             50974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             52997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             49868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             50686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             51844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             52705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             52784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             47197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             48396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            47715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            48493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            48788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            49456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            49209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            51555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2535469737500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4               1362278                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4              1146266                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1357433                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    4209                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                      15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                      14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                      15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                      62                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                      47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                     16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   8095                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  10292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  49139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  49154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  49472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  49166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  48959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  48846                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  48764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  48847                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  49419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  49217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  48990                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  48974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  48795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  48687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  48692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  48565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                    140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                    115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                    102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                     94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                    110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                    102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                     83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                     78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                     76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                     69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                     62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                     61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       392066                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    353.644621                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   195.110542                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   373.658375                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       149650     38.17%     38.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        84472     21.55%     59.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        31980      8.16%     67.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        16026      4.09%     71.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        12398      3.16%     75.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         9214      2.35%     77.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         8110      2.07%     79.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         6162      1.57%     81.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        74054     18.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       392066                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48413                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      28.133704                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    466.846436                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095        48410     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40960-45055            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::86016-90111            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         48413                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48413                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.614752                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.527224                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      2.152982                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         40261     83.16%     83.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19          6397     13.21%     96.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           536      1.11%     97.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23           399      0.82%     98.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           339      0.70%     99.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           264      0.55%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            81      0.17%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            19      0.04%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-33             8      0.02%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34-35             5      0.01%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-37             9      0.02%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38-39             7      0.01%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            12      0.02%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            14      0.03%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-45             9      0.02%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46-47             3      0.01%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-49             6      0.01%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::50-51             6      0.01%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            17      0.04%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::54-55             9      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-57             3      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::60-61             4      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-65             1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::66-67             1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::68-69             2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::84-85             1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         48413                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  21319222968                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             46858054218                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 6810355000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15652.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34402.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        34.38                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        20.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      8.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      7.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.49                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1216401                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  557972                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 89.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                69.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1010733.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    81.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1449270060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                770297715                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              4889836140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             2158788420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         19352555040.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          29476046340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           1022775360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     40693658310                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     21641171040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     559872757920                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           681332803275                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            268.720522                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2468153535750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1648833750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    8213990000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 2322555791000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  56357302750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   57453414250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  89240602750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               1350095460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                717592755                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              4835350800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             2040022980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         19704129120.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          29316270780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           1039991040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     41204631390                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     22437028800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     559298477820                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           681950237085                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            268.964040                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2468456520500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1698207000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    8363892000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 2319665952000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  58429688000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   56951300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  90360895500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    11558952                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      3106                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  246038                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5597467                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      348                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                          33                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                 108494                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    17156419                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                      3454                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                           33                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  354532                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    2524001                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                     1280                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                2525281                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions              14154                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         7077                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    324368735.127879                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   449174376.171331                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         7077    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       221000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2000000000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           7077                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   239912396000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2295557538500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                      5070939869                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    7077                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                 1020      0.81%      0.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 2025      1.61%      2.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      11      0.01%      2.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      2.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               113549     90.08%     92.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   5336      4.23%     96.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     96.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     4      0.00%     96.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     3      0.00%     96.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     96.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    3888      3.08%     99.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 151      0.12%     99.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                      57      0.05%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                126058                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    134133                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5825                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                481                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                480                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                  481                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.082403                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.152395                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      2532342284000     99.88%     99.88% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          3126162500      0.12%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    2026                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   45924     38.03%     38.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     11      0.01%     38.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   2539      2.10%     40.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    756      0.63%     40.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  71514     59.23%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              120744                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    45812     48.65%     48.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      11      0.01%     48.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    2539      2.70%     51.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     756      0.80%     52.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   45056     47.84%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                94174                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2438268616000     96.17%     96.17% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               10746000      0.00%     96.17% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1569965000      0.06%     96.23% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30             1085946500      0.04%     96.27% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            94533175000      3.73%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2535468448500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.997561                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.630030                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.779948                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   67884501                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     67884501                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             65581775                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                231544                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    2210634                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      9057237                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    65581775                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       231544                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           89048507                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          50001966                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               79654                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              81019                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     17181805                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   11573565                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5608240                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              4591115076.998189                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              479824792.001811                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.094622                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.905378                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         11682931                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              1396725      2.06%      2.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 48146314     70.92%     72.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  151424      0.22%     73.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     73.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  95349      0.14%     73.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     73.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     73.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     73.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     73.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                   2102      0.00%     73.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     73.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     73.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     73.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     73.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     73.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     73.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     73.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     73.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     73.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     73.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     73.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     73.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     73.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     73.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     73.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     73.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     73.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     73.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     73.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     73.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     73.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     73.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                11823200     17.42%     90.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                5559722      8.19%     98.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead              68782      0.10%     99.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite             65311      0.10%     99.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                579059      0.85%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  67887988                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          3043585                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         2019.423945                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           14066070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          3043585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             4.621547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        265721500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  2019.423945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.986047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          903                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1044                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         20249580                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        20249580                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      9267154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        9267154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      4342754                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4342754                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       209303                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       209303                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       213165                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       213165                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     13609908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        13609908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     13609908                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       13609908                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      2071130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2071130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      1029222                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1029222                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data        17650                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        17650                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         8952                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         8952                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      3100352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       3100352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      3100352                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      3100352                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  50358703000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  50358703000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  65341060500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  65341060500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    210158500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    210158500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     47944500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     47944500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        11000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        11000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 115699763500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 115699763500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 115699763500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 115699763500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     11338284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11338284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5371976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5371976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       226953                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       226953                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       222117                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       222117                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     16710260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16710260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     16710260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16710260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.182667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.182667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.191591                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.191591                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.077769                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.077769                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040303                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.040303                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.185536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.185536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.185536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.185536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24314.602657                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24314.602657                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 63485.876225                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63485.876225                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11906.997167                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11906.997167                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5355.730563                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5355.730563                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37318.266926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37318.266926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37318.266926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37318.266926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2589761                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          2589761                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      2071130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2071130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1029222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1029222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        17650                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        17650                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8952                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         8952                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      3100352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3100352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      3100352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3100352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         5222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         9875                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9875                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        15097                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15097                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  48287573000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  48287573000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  64311838500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  64311838500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    192508500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    192508500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     38994500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38994500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data         9000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 112599411500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 112599411500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 112599411500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 112599411500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1189365000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1189365000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1189365000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1189365000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.182667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.182667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.191591                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.191591                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.077769                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077769                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040303                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040303                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.185536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.185536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.185536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.185536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 23314.602657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23314.602657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62485.876225                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62485.876225                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10906.997167                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10906.997167                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  4355.953977                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4355.953977                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36318.266926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36318.266926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36318.266926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36318.266926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227760.436614                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227760.436614                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 78781.546003                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 78781.546003                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements          2921407                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.852557                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           64945232                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs          2921407                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            22.230806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       9448083500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   511.852557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          293                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        138697949                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       138697949                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     64966018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       64966018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     64966018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        64966018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     64966018                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       64966018                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst      2921971                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      2921971                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst      2921971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       2921971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst      2921971                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      2921971                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  41393919500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  41393919500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  41393919500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  41393919500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  41393919500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  41393919500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     67887989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     67887989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     67887989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     67887989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     67887989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     67887989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.043041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.043041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.043041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.043041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.043041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.043041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14166.437483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14166.437483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14166.437483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14166.437483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14166.437483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14166.437483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks      2921407                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total          2921407                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      2921971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2921971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      2921971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2921971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      2921971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2921971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  38471948500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38471948500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  38471948500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  38471948500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  38471948500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  38471948500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.043041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.043041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.043041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13166.437483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13166.437483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13166.437483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13166.437483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13166.437483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13166.437483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     1214745                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      2253                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                           12                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  118243                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                     704752                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      192                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          15                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                  56482                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     1919497                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                      2445                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           27                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                  174725                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                    1181950                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                     1151                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                1183101                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numPwrStateTransitions               6251                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         3126                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    805213606.206014                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   327298230.581455                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         3126    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    973623000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           3126                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    18372201500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2517097733000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                      5070320147                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    3126                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                   67      0.15%      0.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  352      0.77%      0.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       8      0.02%      0.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.02%      0.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                37087     81.15%     82.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   5008     10.96%     93.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     93.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%     93.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.00%     93.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.01%     93.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    3006      6.58%     99.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 104      0.23%     99.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                      52      0.11%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 45701                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     51973                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              615                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                312                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               2705                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                380                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  312                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                   68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.617886                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.025139                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.209251                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        7159553000      0.28%      0.28% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user          1754524000      0.07%      0.35% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        2521640958500     99.65%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     353                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   11981     28.03%     28.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   2500      5.85%     33.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    148      0.35%     34.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  28112     65.77%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               42741                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    11933     45.26%     45.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    2500      9.48%     54.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     148      0.56%     55.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   11787     44.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                26368                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2431040332500     95.89%     95.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1154267000      0.05%     95.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30              177412500      0.01%     95.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31           102788047500      4.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2535160059500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.995994                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.419287                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.616925                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    5710900                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      5710900                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              5470028                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                 22111                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     212982                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       483622                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     5470028                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                        22111                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads            7467980                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           4222040                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               12265                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              12283                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1928508                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1219777                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    708731                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              5033580234.551175                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              36739912.448825                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.007246                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.992754                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           798414                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                54797      0.96%      0.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  3448414     60.36%     61.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   16874      0.30%     61.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     61.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   3328      0.06%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                    543      0.01%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1238852     21.68%     83.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 700402     12.26%     95.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead               9401      0.16%     95.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite              8839      0.15%     95.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                231922      4.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   5713372                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           102941                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1844.961790                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            1776749                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           102941                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            17.259877                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     2496235576500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  1844.961790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.900860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.900860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1715                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1711                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.837402                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2035389                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2035389                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      1134701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1134701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data       637389                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        637389                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        14405                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        14405                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        12701                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        12701                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      1772090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         1772090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      1772090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        1772090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data        66014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        66014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        50585                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        50585                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         2365                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2365                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       116599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        116599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       116599                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       116599                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1535072000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1535072000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2802249500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2802249500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     35146000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     35146000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     14644000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     14644000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data         5500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total         5500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4337321500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4337321500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4337321500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4337321500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1200715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1200715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data       687974                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       687974                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        16770                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16770                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        14591                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14591                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      1888689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1888689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      1888689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1888689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.054979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.054979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.073527                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.073527                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.141026                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.141026                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.129532                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.129532                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.061735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.061735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.061735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.061735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23253.734056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23253.734056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 55396.846891                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55396.846891                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14860.887949                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14860.887949                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7748.148148                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7748.148148                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 37198.616626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37198.616626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 37198.616626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37198.616626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        67806                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            67806                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        66014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        66014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        50585                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        50585                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2365                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         2365                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       116599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       116599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       116599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       116599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         2951                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         2951                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         2978                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         2978                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1469058000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1469058000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2751664500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2751664500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     32781000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32781000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     12755000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12755000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data         4500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         4500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4220722500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4220722500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4220722500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4220722500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      6201000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6201000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      6201000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6201000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.054979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.073527                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073527                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.141026                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.141026                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.129532                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.129532                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.061735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.061735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 22253.734056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22253.734056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 54396.846891                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54396.846891                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13860.887949                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13860.887949                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6748.677249                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6748.677249                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 36198.616626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36198.616626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 36198.616626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36198.616626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 229666.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 229666.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  2082.269980                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  2082.269980                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           413885                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          499.886740                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            5291548                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           413885                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            12.785068                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      97065160500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   499.886740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.976341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.976341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         11841188                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        11841188                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      5298928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        5298928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      5298928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         5298928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      5298928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        5298928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       414444                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       414444                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       414444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        414444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       414444                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       414444                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6171244500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6171244500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6171244500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6171244500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6171244500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6171244500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      5713372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5713372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      5713372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      5713372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      5713372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      5713372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.072539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.072539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.072539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.072539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.072539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.072539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14890.418247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14890.418247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14890.418247                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14890.418247                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14890.418247                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14890.418247                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks       413885                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total           413885                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       414444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       414444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       414444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       414444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       414444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       414444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5756800500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5756800500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5756800500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5756800500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5756800500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5756800500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.072539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.072539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.072539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13890.418247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13890.418247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13890.418247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13890.418247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13890.418247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13890.418247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     5032402                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                      5141                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                           14                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                  440537                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    3228132                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                      568                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                          78                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                 154144                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                     8260534                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                      5709                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                           92                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                  594681                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                    2858475                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                     2885                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           1                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                2861360                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numPwrStateTransitions              10911                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         5456                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    447532609.695748                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   451122513.538779                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         5456    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       107500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    973667500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           5456                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    93732016000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2441737918500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                      5070321479                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                    5456                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                 1465      1.50%      1.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      1.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      1.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                 3600      3.69%      5.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                      19      0.02%      5.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      5.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                80746     82.83%     88.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   5567      5.71%     93.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     93.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     3      0.00%     93.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     6      0.01%     93.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.00%     93.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    5698      5.84%     99.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 255      0.26%     99.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                     112      0.11%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 97486                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    110334                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             8548                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                785                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                785                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  785                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.091834                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.168220                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      2526180811500     99.77%     99.77% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user          5739124000      0.23%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                    3601                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                   34060     37.59%     37.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                    103      0.11%     37.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                   2502      2.76%     40.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                   1558      1.72%     42.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  52381     57.81%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               90604                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                    33297     48.11%     48.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                     103      0.15%     48.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                    2502      3.62%     51.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                    1558      2.25%     54.13% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                   31745     45.87%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                69205                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2401884878000     94.74%     94.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21               99211500      0.00%     94.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1188657000      0.05%     94.79% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30             1994775000      0.08%     94.87% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31           129993204000      5.13%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2535160725500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.977598                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.606040                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.763818                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   26083023                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     26083023                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             25309752                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                292244                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     786602                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      2665082                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    25309752                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                       292244                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           35320984                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          19031154                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads              145024                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes             148373                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      8303106                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    5058005                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   3245101                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              4882880307.827799                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              187441171.172201                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.036968                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.963032                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          3733056                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               189365      0.73%      0.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 16830305     64.51%     65.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   49102      0.19%     65.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     65.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  21670      0.08%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                   1513      0.01%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 5040085     19.32%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                3171299     12.16%     96.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead             136963      0.52%     97.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite            132098      0.51%     98.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                516424      1.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  26088824                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           854867                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1311.959009                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            7220469                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           854867                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.446307                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     2477115608500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data  1311.959009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.640605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.640605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1701                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1696                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830566                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          9336317                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses         9336317                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      4455298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4455298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      2607379                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2607379                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data        52304                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        52304                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data        50884                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        50884                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      7062677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         7062677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      7062677                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        7062677                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       520558                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       520558                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       552739                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       552739                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data        22889                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        22889                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data        19604                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        19604                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      1073297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       1073297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1073297                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      1073297                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9546140500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9546140500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  17431128500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  17431128500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    214285500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    214285500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     91592000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     91592000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        12500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        12500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  26977269000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  26977269000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  26977269000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  26977269000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      4975856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4975856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      3160118                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3160118                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        75193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        75193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data        70488                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        70488                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      8135974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8135974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      8135974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8135974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.104617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.104617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.174911                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.174911                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.304403                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.304403                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.278118                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.278118                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.131920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.131920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.131920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.131920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 18338.284111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18338.284111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 31535.912067                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31535.912067                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  9361.942418                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9361.942418                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  4672.107733                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4672.107733                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 25134.952394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25134.952394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 25134.952394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25134.952394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       664991                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           664991                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       520558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       520558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       552739                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       552739                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        22889                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        22889                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        19604                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        19604                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      1073297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1073297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      1073297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1073297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         1801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         8149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         8149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         9950                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         9950                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9025582500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9025582500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  16878389500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16878389500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    191396500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    191396500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     71990000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71990000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        10500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        10500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  25903972000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25903972000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  25903972000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25903972000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    370694500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    370694500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    370694500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    370694500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.104617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.104617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.174911                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.174911                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.304403                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.304403                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.278118                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278118                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.131920                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.131920                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.131920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.131920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17338.284111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17338.284111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 30535.912067                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30535.912067                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  8361.942418                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8361.942418                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  3672.209753                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3672.209753                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24134.952394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24134.952394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24134.952394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24134.952394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 205827.040533                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 205827.040533                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 37255.728643                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 37255.728643                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements          2307623                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          499.798869                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           23775300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs          2307623                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            10.302939                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      97612459500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   499.798869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.976170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.976170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         54485878                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        54485878                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst     23780594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       23780594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst     23780594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        23780594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst     23780594                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       23780594                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst      2308230                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      2308230                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst      2308230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total       2308230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst      2308230                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total      2308230                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  33258388500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33258388500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  33258388500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  33258388500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  33258388500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  33258388500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst     26088824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     26088824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst     26088824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     26088824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst     26088824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     26088824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.088476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.088476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.088476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.088476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.088476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.088476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14408.611144                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14408.611144                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14408.611144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14408.611144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14408.611144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14408.611144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks      2307623                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total          2307623                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst      2308230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2308230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst      2308230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2308230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst      2308230                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2308230                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  30950158500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30950158500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  30950158500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30950158500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  30950158500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30950158500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.088476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.088476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.088476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13408.611144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13408.611144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13408.611144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13408.611144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13408.611144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13408.611144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                     2620124                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                      2086                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                           72                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                   13114                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                    1740178                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                      220                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                          50                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                   5807                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                     4360302                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                      2306                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                          122                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                   18921                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                    1223845                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                      811                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                1224656                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numPwrStateTransitions               7461                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         3731                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    667487959.662289                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   397193149.232392                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         3731    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    973630500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           3731                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    45072357000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2490397577500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                      5070319687                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                    3731                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                  667      0.72%      0.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1707      1.84%      2.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                      26      0.03%      2.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      2.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                80835     87.23%     89.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   5033      5.43%     95.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     95.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.00%     95.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                    4320      4.66%     99.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  51      0.06%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                      12      0.01%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 92666                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                     99166                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5367                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                399                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                399                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                  399                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.074343                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.138398                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      2531926820500     99.99%     99.99% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user           275109000      0.01%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                    1708                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                   30554     34.56%     34.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                   2500      2.83%     37.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                    839      0.95%     38.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                  54522     61.67%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               88415                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                    29892     47.87%     47.87% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                    2500      4.00%     51.87% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                     839      1.34%     53.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                   29212     46.78%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                62443                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2413723461500     95.21%     95.21% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1193111500      0.05%     95.26% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30             1003360000      0.04%     95.30% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31           119239896500      4.70%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2535159829500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.978333                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.535784                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.706249                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   12935436                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     12935436                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             12454294                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                 95258                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     530234                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1159730                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    12454294                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                        95258                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           17134030                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           9385125                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               46019                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              47370                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      4381872                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    2632375                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1749497                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              4980185997.806178                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              90133689.193822                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.017777                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.982223                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1895025                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                66395      0.51%      0.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  7916016     61.18%     61.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   28614      0.22%     61.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     61.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   5009      0.04%     61.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                     39      0.00%     61.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     61.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 2691444     20.80%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1707966     13.20%     95.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead              45800      0.35%     96.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite             44410      0.34%     96.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                432171      3.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  12937864                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements           387137                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1937.207726                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            3923182                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           387137                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.133834                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     2506490687500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data  1937.207726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.945902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.945902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1623                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1620                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.792480                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4812521                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4812521                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data      2333377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2333377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data      1441514                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1441514                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data        44395                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        44395                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data        44983                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        44983                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data      3774891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total         3774891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data      3774891                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total        3774891                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data       235932                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       235932                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data       239021                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       239021                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data        16483                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        16483                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data        15188                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        15188                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data       474953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        474953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data       474953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       474953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2866076500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2866076500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4148232500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4148232500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    127648000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    127648000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     78565500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     78565500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        16500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        16500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   7014309000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7014309000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   7014309000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7014309000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data      2569309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2569309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data      1680535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1680535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data        60878                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        60878                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data        60171                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        60171                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data      4249844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4249844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data      4249844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4249844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.091827                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.091827                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.142229                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.142229                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.270755                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.270755                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.252414                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.252414                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.111758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.111758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.111758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.111758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 12147.892189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12147.892189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17355.096414                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17355.096414                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  7744.221319                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7744.221319                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  5172.866737                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5172.866737                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 14768.427613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14768.427613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 14768.427613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14768.427613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       305062                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           305062                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       235932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       235932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       239021                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       239021                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        16483                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        16483                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        15188                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        15188                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       474953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       474953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       474953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       474953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data         4197                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         4197                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data         4227                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         4227                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2630144500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2630144500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   3909211500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3909211500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    111165000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111165000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     63380500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63380500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        13500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        13500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   6539356000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6539356000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   6539356000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6539356000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      5791000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      5791000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      5791000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      5791000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.091827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.142229                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.142229                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.270755                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.270755                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.252414                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252414                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.111758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.111758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.111758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.111758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 11147.892189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11147.892189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16355.096414                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16355.096414                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  6744.221319                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6744.221319                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  4173.064261                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4173.064261                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 13768.427613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13768.427613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 13768.427613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13768.427613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 193033.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 193033.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data  1370.002366                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  1370.002366                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements          1581708                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          499.704604                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           11350493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1581708                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs             7.176099                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      97725894500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   499.704604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.975986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.975986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         27457950                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        27457950                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst     11355642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11355642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst     11355642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        11355642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst     11355642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       11355642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst      1582222                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1582222                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst      1582222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total       1582222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst      1582222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total      1582222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  21613127000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21613127000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  21613127000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  21613127000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  21613127000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  21613127000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst     12937864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12937864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst     12937864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     12937864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst     12937864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     12937864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.122294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.122294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.122294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.122294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.122294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.122294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13659.983871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13659.983871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13659.983871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13659.983871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13659.983871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13659.983871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1581708                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total          1581708                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst      1582222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1582222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst      1582222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1582222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst      1582222                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1582222                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  20030905000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20030905000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  20030905000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20030905000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  20030905000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20030905000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.122294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.122294                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122294                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.122294                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122294                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 12659.983871                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12659.983871                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 12659.983871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12659.983871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 12659.983871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12659.983871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 326                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2836480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        368                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7484                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7484                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              202964                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             202964                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        33608                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        19978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         3654                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        64504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       356392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       356392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  420896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio       134432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2063                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          169                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9989                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio        14596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3827                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       165318                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2849952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2849952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  3015270                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             36659000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               628500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                20500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                19500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy               19000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy               18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              173000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            17393500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             3620500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5243000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy               75500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           397039191                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            39332000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy           178600000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements               178132                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                1.573270                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               178132                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         2473142271000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     1.573270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.024582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.024582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              1603764                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             1603764                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide       178196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total            178196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide       178196                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total           178196                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     74649240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     74649240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  20548171951                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total  20548171951                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  20622821191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  20622821191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  20622821191                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  20622821191                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide       178196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total          178196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide       178196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total         178196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 184775.346535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 184775.346535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115574.221287                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115574.221287                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115731.111759                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115731.111759                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115731.111759                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115731.111759                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        181477                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                35684                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     5.085669                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          177728                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               177728                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide       178196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       178196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide       178196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       178196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     54449240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54449240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11651924268                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11651924268                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11706373508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11706373508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11706373508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11706373508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 134775.346535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 134775.346535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65536.831061                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65536.831061                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65693.806303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65693.806303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65693.806303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65693.806303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                   1305272                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 65337.722892                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    12036957                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1305272                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      9.221800                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               14131535000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1885.829104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      7568.417962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     30898.308695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst        85.809444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data       854.694630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst       275.455174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     19460.601131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst       951.721609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data      3356.885143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.028775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.115485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.471471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.001309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.013042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.004203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.296945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.014522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.051222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         65536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          940                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9376                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        37972                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        17235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                5248031219                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses               5248031219                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3627619                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          3627619                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      4757599                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          4757599                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             8623                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             1154                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data             8369                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data             6787                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                24933                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data           1204                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            699                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data           1308                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data           1751                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               4962                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            269977                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data             14964                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            354296                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data             79008                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                718245                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst        2889465                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst         407597                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst        2276093                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst        1577976                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            7151131                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       1716717                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data         46646                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data        407484                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data        144791                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           2315638                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              2889465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data              1986694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst               407597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data                61610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              2276093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data               761780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst              1577976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data               223799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 10185014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             2889465                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data             1986694                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst              407597                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data               61610                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             2276093                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data              761780                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst             1577976                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data              223799                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                10185014                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data             28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data             12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data              5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 56                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          713833                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           28058                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          139170                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data           25337                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              906398                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst        32446                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst         6841                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst        32073                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst         4233                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            75593                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       325428                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data         9841                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data        42357                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data         3285                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          380911                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              32446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data            1039261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               6841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data              37899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              32073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data             181527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst               4233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data              28622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1362902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             32446                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data           1039261                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              6841                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data             37899                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             32073                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data            181527                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst              4233                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data             28622                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1362902                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        30500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       118000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       204500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        87500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       440500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  59769025000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2494463000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  12148069000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2449902000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   76861459000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2863682500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    591959000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2797955000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    364615000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   6618211500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  27162084000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    877349000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3899089500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    636082500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  32574605000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2863682500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  86931109000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    591959000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3371812000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2797955000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  16047158500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    364615000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   3085984500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     116054275500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2863682500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  86931109000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    591959000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3371812000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2797955000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  16047158500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    364615000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   3085984500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    116054275500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3627619                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3627619                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      4757599                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      4757599                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         8634                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1182                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data         8381                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data         6792                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            24989                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1204                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          699                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data         1308                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data         1751                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           4962                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        983810                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data         43022                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        493466                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data        104345                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1624643                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      2921911                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       414438                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      2308166                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst      1582209                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        7226724                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2042145                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        56487                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       449841                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data       148076                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       2696549                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          2921911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          3025955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst           414438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data            99509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          2308166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data           943307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst          1582209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data           252421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             11547916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         2921911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         3025955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst          414438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data           99509                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         2308166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data          943307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst         1582209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data          252421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            11547916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001274                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.023689                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.001432                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.000736                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.002241                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.725580                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.652178                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.282026                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.242819                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.557906                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011104                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016507                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013895                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002675                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.010460                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.159356                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.174217                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.094160                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.022185                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.141259                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.011104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.343449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.016507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.380860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.013895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.192437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.002675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.113390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.118021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.011104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.343449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.016507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.380860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.013895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.192437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.002675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.113390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.118021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  2772.727273                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  4214.285714                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17041.666667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        17500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7866.071429                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83729.702886                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 88903.806401                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 87289.423008                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 96692.662904                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84798.795893                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 88259.955002                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 86531.062710                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 87237.084152                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 86136.309946                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87550.586695                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83465.725137                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 89152.423534                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 92053.013670                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 193632.420091                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85517.627477                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 88259.955002                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83647.042466                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 86531.062710                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 88968.363281                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 87237.084152                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 88400.945865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 86136.309946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 107818.618545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85152.326066                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 88259.955002                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83647.042466                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 86531.062710                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 88968.363281                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 87237.084152                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 88400.945865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 86136.309946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 107818.618545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85152.326066                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               968538                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    968538                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           11                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           66                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           53                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           63                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total           193                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              66                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data               3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst              63                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data               2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             66                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             53                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data              3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             63                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data              2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                199                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         1717                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          1717                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            56                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       713833                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        28058                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       139170                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        25337                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         906398                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        32435                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6775                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        32020                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         4170                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        75400                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       325428                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         9840                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        42354                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         3283                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       380905                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         32435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       1039261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          6775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         37898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         32020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        181524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          4170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         28620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1362703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        32435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1039261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        37898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        32020                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       181524                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         4170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        28620                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1362703                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         5222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         9875                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         2951                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         8149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data         4197                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        25172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        15097                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         2978                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         9950                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data         4227                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        32252                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       216500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       555000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       233000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        98500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1103000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  52630695000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2213883000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  10756368501                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2196532000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  67797478501                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2538550000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    518509000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2473558000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    317591001                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5848208001                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  23907804000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    778920500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3475304000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    603097000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28765125500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2538550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  76538499000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    518509000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2992803500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2473558000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  14231672501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    317591001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2799629000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 102410812002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2538550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  76538499000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    518509000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2992803500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2473558000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  14231672501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    317591001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2799629000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 102410812002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1124084500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      5862500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    348178500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      5416000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1483541500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1124084500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      5862500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    348178500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      5416000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1483541500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001274                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.023689                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.001432                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.000736                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002241                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.725580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.652178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.282026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.242819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.557906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016347                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.159356                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.174199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.094153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.022171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.141256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.343449                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016347                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.380850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.192434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.113382                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.118004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.343449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.380850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.192434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.113382                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.118004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19681.818182                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19821.428571                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19416.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        19700                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19696.428571                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73729.702886                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 78903.806401                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 77289.419422                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 86692.662904                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74798.795343                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78265.762294                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76532.693727                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 77250.405996                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 76160.911511                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77562.440332                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73465.725137                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 79158.587398                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 82053.737545                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 183703.015535                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75517.846970                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78265.762294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73647.042466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76532.693727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 78969.958837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 77250.405996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 78401.051657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 76160.911511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 97820.719776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75152.701654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78265.762294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73647.042466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76532.693727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 78969.958837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 77250.405996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 78401.051657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 76160.911511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 97820.719776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75152.701654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 215259.383378                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 217129.629630                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 193325.097168                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 180533.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 209539.759887                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 74457.474995                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  1968.603089                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 34992.814070                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data  1281.286965                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 45998.434206                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       3152740                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1618768                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1052                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7080                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             463789                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              25172                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             25172                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1146266                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           321603                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            98060                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          40664                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            911646                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           906122                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        456709                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        177792                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         6223                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       356581                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       356581                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        64504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      4158437                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      4222941                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                4579522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2847696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2847696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       165318                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     37289008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     37454326                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                40302022                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                           150692                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                       8848                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1717123                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.004237                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.064952                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1709848     99.58%     99.58% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    7275      0.42%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1717123                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            63870000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          4158998079                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            7437957                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         3141616751                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     23710239                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     10265574                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      4571226                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          19150                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        18262                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          888                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               7080                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          10187077                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             25172                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            25172                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4596157                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      7224623                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1097642                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          122717                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         45626                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         168343                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            8                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            8                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1748850                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1748850                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       7226867                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2953176                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         6718                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          261                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      8765289                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      9236532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1242767                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       331142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      6924019                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2943736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4746139                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1163356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              35352980                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     93493088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     89906721                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     13253168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2700540                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     73852624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     25787733                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     50622672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      8953044                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              358569590                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1831737                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  21591632                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         13441486                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.424767                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.855439                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               10204882     75.92%     75.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                1566628     11.66%     87.58% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 867142      6.45%     94.03% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 802764      5.97%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                     62      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      6      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           13441486                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        17309956492                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           282414                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        2928413020                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3121019450                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy         415700436                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy         119791609                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy        2321484763                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy        1094383872                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy        1590631491                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy         477754976                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2535469934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.008819                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8819098000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2544289032500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               33205277                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 33205140                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2558484409                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 757864                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     3.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   114457736                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     114457736                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          51776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         440752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst          24368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data          54368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst          62688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data         111392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst           5216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data          61680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             812240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        51776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        24368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst        62688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst         5216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        144048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1249184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1249184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst            3236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           27547                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst            1523                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data            3398                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst            3918                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data            6962                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst             326                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data            3855                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               50765                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         78074                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              78074                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           5870895                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          49976993                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst           2763094                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data           6164803                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst           7108210                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data          12630770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst            591444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data           6993913                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              92100122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      5870895                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst      2763094                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst      7108210                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst       591444                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         16333643                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       141645325                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            141645325                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       141645325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          5870895                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         49976993                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst          2763094                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data          6164803                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst          7108210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data         12630770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst           591444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data          6993913                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            233745447                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       50765                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      78074                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     50765                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    78074                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                3248576                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 2661760                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  812240                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1249184                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      6                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                 36483                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              2192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              3049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              2570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              2929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              3076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              2365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              3545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              5229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              4444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             3639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             2831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             4545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             4327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             2018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             3043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              3024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              2979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              2589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              2102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              2697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              2335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              3464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              2899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             2712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             2360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             3084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             2716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             2257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             3666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    8817606000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                 50765                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                78074                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   50608                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    580                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    802                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   2587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   2540                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   2613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   2538                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   2496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   2445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   2431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   2437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   2571                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   2557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   2483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   2473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   2418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   2442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   2421                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   2379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        15556                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    379.947544                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   232.553141                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   354.905471                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4275     27.48%     27.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3536     22.73%     50.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1931     12.41%     62.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1237      7.95%     70.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          837      5.38%     75.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          472      3.03%     78.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          292      1.88%     80.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          190      1.22%     82.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2786     17.91%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        15556                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2345                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      21.640512                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     32.079519                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           2266     96.63%     96.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           68      2.90%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           10      0.43%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            1      0.04%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          2345                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2345                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.735608                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.408253                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      4.168081                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             1734     73.94%     73.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               20      0.85%     74.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              136      5.80%     80.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               24      1.02%     81.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               78      3.33%     84.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21               46      1.96%     86.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22               49      2.09%     89.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23               46      1.96%     90.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24               32      1.36%     92.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25               62      2.64%     94.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26               25      1.07%     96.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::27               50      2.13%     98.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28               16      0.68%     98.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::29                1      0.04%     98.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30                3      0.13%     99.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::31                1      0.04%     99.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::33                1      0.04%     99.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34                1      0.04%     99.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::35                1      0.04%     99.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::37                1      0.04%     99.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::41                1      0.04%     99.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::43                5      0.21%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::45                1      0.04%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::51                3      0.13%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::53                3      0.13%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::54                4      0.17%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56                1      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          2345                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    758289750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              1710021000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  253795000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     14939.02                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                33689.02                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       368.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       301.82                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     92.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    141.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    2.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.27                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    44724                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   32070                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 88.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                77.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      68438.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    83.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 49001820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 26048880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               147676620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               96215040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         649059840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1165638030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             40734240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1368728460                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       698018400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        377314380                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             4618579500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            523.702027                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           6154726500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     73284750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     275184000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1337124250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1817755250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2314184750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3001565000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 62060880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 32986140                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               214742640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              120884760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         620786400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1170386130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             28513440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1494032700                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       508291680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        426247140                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             4679085840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            530.562858                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           6177121000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     41231250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     263140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1577804750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1323721000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2336888500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3276312500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                      145245                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                       497                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                   52425                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                     131106                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      125                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                          15                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                  25975                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                      276351                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                       622                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                           15                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                   78400                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                     255121                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                      268                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                 255389                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                 20                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           10                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean       424040700                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   359950387.290943                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           10    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value      8125500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    969690500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             10                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     4578691000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   4240407000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        17638196                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      10                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   67      4.52%      4.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.20%      5.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1220     82.38%     87.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     23      1.55%     88.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.07%     88.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.07%     89.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     134      9.05%     98.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  24      1.62%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       4      0.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  1481                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      2401                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              201                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                117                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                117                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                  117                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.582090                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.735849                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        7973631000     90.41%     90.41% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user           845970000      9.59%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      67                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     619     45.22%     45.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                      4      0.29%     45.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                      9      0.66%     46.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      2      0.15%     46.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    735     53.69%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                1369                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      617     49.48%     49.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                       4      0.32%     49.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                       9      0.72%     50.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       2      0.16%     50.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     615     49.32%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 1247                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0              8406314500     95.31%     95.31% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                3854500      0.04%     95.36% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                6697500      0.08%     95.43% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2817500      0.03%     95.47% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              399917000      4.53%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total          8819601000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.996769                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.836735                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.910884                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     754631                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       754631                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               726573                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3960                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      22982                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        76361                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      726573                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         3960                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            1016892                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            508872                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                2545                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               2507                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       277810                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     146348                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    131462                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              8480813.999038                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              9157382.000962                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.519179                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.480821                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           105020                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                14083      1.86%      1.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                   440919     58.38%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     734      0.10%     60.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   1217      0.16%     60.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     60.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                    230      0.03%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  149877     19.84%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 130669     17.30%     97.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead               1353      0.18%     97.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite              1160      0.15%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                 15026      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                    755268                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            57189                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1814.854454                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             221348                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            59237                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             3.736651                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  1814.854454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.886159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.886159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           334536                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          334536                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       121069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         121069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        93173                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         93173                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data         1708                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1708                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data         2061                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2061                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       214242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          214242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       214242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         214242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        22062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        22062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        35701                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        35701                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data          580                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          580                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        57763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         57763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        57763                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        57763                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    840648500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    840648500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1900820500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1900820500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      8389000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      8389000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       455500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       455500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2741469000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2741469000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2741469000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2741469000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       143131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       143131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       128874                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       128874                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2288                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2288                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2143                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2143                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       272005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       272005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       272005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       272005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.154139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.154139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.277023                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.277023                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.253497                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.253497                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038264                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.038264                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.212360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.212360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.212360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.212360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38103.911703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38103.911703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53242.780314                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53242.780314                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14463.793103                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14463.793103                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5554.878049                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5554.878049                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 47460.640895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47460.640895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 47460.640895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47460.640895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        44536                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            44536                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        35701                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        35701                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          580                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          580                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        57763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        57763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        57763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        57763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data          603                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          603                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    818586500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    818586500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1865119500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1865119500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      7809000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7809000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       373500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       373500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2683706000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2683706000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2683706000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2683706000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    103680000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    103680000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    103680000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    103680000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.154139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.154139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.277023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.277023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.253497                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.253497                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038264                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038264                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.212360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.212360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.212360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.212360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37103.911703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37103.911703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52242.780314                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.780314                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13463.793103                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13463.793103                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  4554.878049                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4554.878049                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 46460.640895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46460.640895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 46460.640895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46460.640895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data       240000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       240000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 171940.298507                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 171940.298507                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            38444                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.998498                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             737608                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            38955                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            18.934874                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   511.998498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          295                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1548982                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         1548982                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       716822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         716822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       716822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          716822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       716822                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         716822                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst        38446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        38446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst        38446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         38446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst        38446                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        38446                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    747959000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    747959000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    747959000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    747959000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    747959000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    747959000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       755268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       755268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       755268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       755268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       755268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       755268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.050904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.050904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.050904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.050904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.050904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.050904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 19454.793737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19454.793737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 19454.793737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19454.793737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 19454.793737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19454.793737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks        38444                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total            38444                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        38446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        38446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        38446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    709513000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    709513000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    709513000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    709513000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    709513000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    709513000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.050904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.050904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.050904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 18454.793737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18454.793737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 18454.793737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18454.793737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 18454.793737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18454.793737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                       29345                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                       325                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                           12                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                    1841                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                      18486                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                       34                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           8                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                    895                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                       47831                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                       359                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           20                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                    2736                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                      25330                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      124                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                  25454                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numPwrStateTransitions                 28                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           15                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    535603433.333333                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   413924757.846842                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           15    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    973450500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             15                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      785046500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   8034051500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                        17577615                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      14                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   56     12.50%     12.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.12%     13.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  277     61.83%     75.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                     21      4.69%     80.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      78     17.41%     97.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.01%     99.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.45%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   448                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       963                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              121                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 66                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 13                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   66                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.553719                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.076923                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.670000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         712083000     11.52%     11.52% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            34373000      0.56%     12.07% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          5437250000     87.93%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      56                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     142     38.69%     38.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                      9      2.45%     41.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      0.82%     41.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    213     58.04%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 367                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      142     48.46%     48.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                       9      3.07%     51.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.02%     52.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     139     47.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  293                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0              8629878000     98.19%     98.19% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                4713000      0.05%     98.25% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                4292000      0.05%     98.29% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              149924500      1.71%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total          8788807500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.652582                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.798365                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.committedInsts                     161729                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                       161729                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses               155678                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                   238                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                       3642                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts        18235                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                      155678                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                          238                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads             207374                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes            117488                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                 120                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                121                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                        48922                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                      30214                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                     18708                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              16012914.717439                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              1564700.282561                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.089017                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.910983                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                            23251                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                 2910      1.80%      1.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                   101839     62.82%     64.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     181      0.11%     64.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                     31      0.02%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      3      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                   31260     19.28%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                  18632     11.49%     95.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                104      0.06%     95.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite               100      0.06%     95.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                  7048      4.35%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                    162108                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             8283                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1857.512363                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              65820                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            10115                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.507168                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  1857.512363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.906988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.906988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1832                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1828                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.894531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            57096                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           57096                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data        24360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          24360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data        14455                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         14455                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data          418                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          418                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data          479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data        38815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           38815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data        38815                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          38815                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data         5005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data         3601                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3601                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data           27                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           27                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data         8606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          8606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data         8606                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         8606                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     75440000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75440000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    272735500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    272735500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1541000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1541000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       179000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       179000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    348175500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    348175500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    348175500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    348175500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data        29365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data        18056                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        18056                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data          508                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          508                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data          506                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          506                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data        47421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        47421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data        47421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        47421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.170441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.170441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.199435                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.199435                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.177165                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.177165                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.053360                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.053360                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.181481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.181481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.181481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.181481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15072.927073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15072.927073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75738.822549                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75738.822549                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17122.222222                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17122.222222                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6629.629630                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6629.629630                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40457.297234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40457.297234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40457.297234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40457.297234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6068                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             6068                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         5005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3601                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3601                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           27                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         8606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         8606                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8606                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data           29                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     70435000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70435000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    269134500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    269134500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1451000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1451000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       152000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       152000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    339569500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    339569500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    339569500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    339569500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       676000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       676000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.170441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.199435                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.199435                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.177165                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.177165                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.053360                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053360                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.181481                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.181481                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.181481                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.181481                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14072.927073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14072.927073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 74738.822549                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74738.822549                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16122.222222                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16122.222222                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5629.629630                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5629.629630                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 39457.297234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39457.297234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 39457.297234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39457.297234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       169000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       169000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 23310.344828                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 23310.344828                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             9197                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             160291                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             9709                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            16.509527                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           333413                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          333413                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst       152911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         152911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst       152911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          152911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst       152911                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         152911                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst         9197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         9197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst         9197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          9197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         9197                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         9197                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    236742000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    236742000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    236742000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    236742000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    236742000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    236742000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       162108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       162108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst       162108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       162108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst       162108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       162108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.056734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.056734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.056734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.056734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 25741.219963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25741.219963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 25741.219963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25741.219963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 25741.219963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25741.219963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         9197                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             9197                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         9197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         9197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         9197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    227545000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    227545000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    227545000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    227545000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    227545000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    227545000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.056734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.056734                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056734                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.056734                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056734                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 24741.219963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24741.219963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 24741.219963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24741.219963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 24741.219963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24741.219963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                      149487                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                       375                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                   19733                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                     103361                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                       73                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                          12                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                  11548                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                      252848                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                       448                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                           12                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                   31281                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                     126674                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                      338                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                 127012                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numPwrStateTransitions                110                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           56                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    99032848.214286                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   255502573.332761                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           56    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    972462500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             56                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     3273258500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   5545839500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                        17577797                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      55                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    5      0.21%      0.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   68      2.89%      3.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.13%      3.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2008     85.48%     88.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                     88      3.75%     92.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.04%     92.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.04%     92.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     113      4.81%     97.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  34      1.45%     98.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       6      0.26%     99.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                 21      0.89%     99.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.04%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                  2349                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      3172                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              181                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 87                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 87                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   87                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.480663                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.649254                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        8018050500     94.94%     94.94% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user           427576000      5.06%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      68                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     793     36.95%     36.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                     15      0.70%     37.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                      9      0.42%     38.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.05%     38.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   1328     61.88%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                2146                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      792     49.25%     49.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                      15      0.93%     50.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                       9      0.56%     50.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.06%     50.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     791     49.19%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 1608                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0              7829346500     89.08%     89.08% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21               15510000      0.18%     89.26% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                5635000      0.06%     89.32% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1609000      0.02%     89.34% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              936798000     10.66%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total          8788898500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.998739                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.595633                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.749301                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     751135                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                       751135                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses               723340                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                  2242                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      25912                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts        74369                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                      723340                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                         2242                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads             992336                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            535453                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                1070                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes               1019                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       254119                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     150453                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    103666                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              11053697.433922                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              6524099.566078                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.371156                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.628844                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           108269                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                10707      1.42%      1.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                   462077     61.48%     62.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    1390      0.18%     63.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     63.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                    381      0.05%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     11      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                     18      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  155313     20.66%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 103263     13.74%     97.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                898      0.12%     97.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite               934      0.12%     97.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                 16603      2.21%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                    751595                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            36699                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1710.310269                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             221275                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            37950                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs             5.830698                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data  1710.310269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.835112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.835112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.610840                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           290647                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          290647                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data       128811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         128811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data        81140                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         81140                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data         2324                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2324                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data         2925                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2925                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data       209951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          209951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data       209951                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         209951                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data        18099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data        19067                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        19067                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data          694                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          694                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data        37166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         37166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data        37166                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        37166                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    394264000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    394264000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    596071000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    596071000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     11673500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     11673500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       370500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       370500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data    990335000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    990335000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data    990335000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    990335000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data       146910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       146910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data       100207                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       100207                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data         3018                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3018                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data         3005                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3005                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data       247117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       247117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data       247117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       247117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.123198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.123198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.190276                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.190276                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.229954                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.229954                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.026622                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.026622                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.150398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.150398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.150398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.150398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 21783.744958                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21783.744958                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 31261.918498                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31261.918498                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16820.605187                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16820.605187                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  4631.250000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4631.250000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 26646.262713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26646.262713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 26646.262713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26646.262713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        29179                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            29179                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        18099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        19067                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        19067                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          694                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          694                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        37166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        37166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data          406                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          406                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    376165000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    376165000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    577004000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    577004000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     10979500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10979500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       290500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       290500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    953169000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    953169000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    953169000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    953169000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     27024500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     27024500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     27024500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     27024500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.123198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.190276                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190276                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.229954                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229954                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.026622                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026622                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.150398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.150398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.150398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.150398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20783.744958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20783.744958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 30261.918498                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30261.918498                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15820.605187                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15820.605187                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  3631.250000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3631.250000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 25646.262713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25646.262713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 25646.262713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25646.262713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 180163.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 180163.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 66562.807882                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 66562.807882                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            76013                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.997707                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs             680873                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            76525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs             8.897393                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   511.997707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1579206                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses         1579206                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst       675579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         675579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst       675579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          675579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst       675579                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         675579                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst        76016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        76016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst        76016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         76016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst        76016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        76016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1305191500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1305191500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1305191500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1305191500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1305191500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1305191500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       751595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       751595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst       751595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       751595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst       751595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       751595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.101140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.101140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.101140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.101140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.101140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.101140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 17169.957640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17169.957640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 17169.957640                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17169.957640                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 17169.957640                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17169.957640                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks        76013                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total            76013                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        76016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        76016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        76016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        76016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        76016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        76016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1229175500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1229175500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1229175500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1229175500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1229175500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1229175500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.101140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.101140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.101140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 16169.957640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16169.957640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 16169.957640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16169.957640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 16169.957640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16169.957640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                       31574                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                       335                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                           12                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                    1872                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                      20963                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                       36                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           9                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                    897                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                       52537                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                       371                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                           21                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                    2769                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                      26466                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                      127                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                  26593                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numPwrStateTransitions                 30                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           16                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    501946343.750000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   407959870.779048                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           16    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    973033500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             16                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      787956500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   8031141500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                        17578534                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      15                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.19%      0.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   61     11.78%     11.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.97%     12.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  338     65.25%     78.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                     22      4.25%     82.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                      80     15.44%     97.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      1.74%     99.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.39%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   518                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1050                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              141                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.475177                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.644231                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        8452696000     99.60%     99.60% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            33961000      0.40%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      61                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     166     38.52%     38.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                      9      2.09%     40.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      6      1.39%     42.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    250     58.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 431                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      166     48.12%     48.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                       9      2.61%     50.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       6      1.74%     52.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     164     47.54%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  345                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0              8668710000     98.63%     98.63% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                4790500      0.05%     98.68% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                6851000      0.08%     98.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31              108915500      1.24%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total          8789267000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.656000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.800464                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     176381                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                       176381                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses               169738                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                   438                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                       4175                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts        20062                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                      169738                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                          438                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads             226719                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes            126983                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                 219                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                223                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                        53691                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                      32486                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                     21205                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              16007951.597559                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              1570582.402441                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.089347                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.910653                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                            25809                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                 3146      1.78%      1.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                   110934     62.76%     64.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                     201      0.11%     64.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                     36      0.02%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      3      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                   33517     18.96%     83.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                  21026     11.89%     95.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                203      0.11%     95.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite               196      0.11%     95.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                  7511      4.25%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                    176773                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             8586                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1790.740647                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs              48815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            10452                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             4.670398                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data  1790.740647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.874385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.874385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1866                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1862                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.911133                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            62566                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses           62566                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data        26641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          26641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data        16038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data          455                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          455                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data          534                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          534                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data        42679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           42679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data        42679                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          42679                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data         4925                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4925                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data         4449                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         4449                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data           32                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           32                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data         9374                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          9374                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data         9374                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         9374                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     71892000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     71892000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    321322000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    321322000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1562000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1562000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       166500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       166500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data    393214000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    393214000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data    393214000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    393214000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data        31566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        31566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data        20487                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        20487                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data          569                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          569                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data          566                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          566                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data        52053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data        52053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.156022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.156022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.217162                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.217162                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.200351                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.200351                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.056537                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.056537                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.180086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.180086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.180086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.180086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 14597.360406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14597.360406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 72223.420993                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72223.420993                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 13701.754386                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13701.754386                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  5203.125000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5203.125000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 41947.301045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41947.301045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 41947.301045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41947.301045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6609                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             6609                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         4925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         4449                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4449                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           32                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         9374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         9374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           27                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           27                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data           31                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     66967000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66967000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    316873000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    316873000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1448000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1448000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       134500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       134500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    383840000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    383840000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    383840000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    383840000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       677500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       677500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       677500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       677500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.156022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.156022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.217162                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.217162                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.200351                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.200351                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.056537                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056537                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.180086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.180086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 13597.360406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13597.360406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 71223.420993                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71223.420993                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 12701.754386                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12701.754386                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  4203.125000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4203.125000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40947.301045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40947.301045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40947.301045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40947.301045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       169375                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       169375                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 21854.838710                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 21854.838710                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements            11459                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             170463                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs            11971                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            14.239663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          448                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           365005                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          365005                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst       165314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         165314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst       165314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          165314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst       165314                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         165314                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst        11459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        11459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst        11459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total         11459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst        11459                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total        11459                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    177758000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    177758000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    177758000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    177758000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    177758000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    177758000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst       176773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       176773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst       176773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       176773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst       176773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       176773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.064823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.064823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.064823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.064823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.064823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.064823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 15512.522908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15512.522908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 15512.522908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15512.522908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 15512.522908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15512.522908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks        11459                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total            11459                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst        11459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst        11459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        11459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst        11459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    166299000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    166299000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    166299000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    166299000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    166299000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    166299000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.064823                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064823                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.064823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.064823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14512.522908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14512.522908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14512.522908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14512.522908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14512.522908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14512.522908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  87                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   724992                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         90                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  620                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 620                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               45791                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              45791                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        90684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        90684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   92822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          572                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          405                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         1989                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       725232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       725232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   727221                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy               218500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                24500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               32000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              923000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy              638500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           101105095                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1659000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            45372000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                45342                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      64                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                45406                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           64                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               408078                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              408078                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        45342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             45342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        45342                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            45342                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      3584485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3584485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5240737610                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   5240737610                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5244322095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   5244322095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5244322095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   5244322095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        45342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           45342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        45342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          45342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 119482.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119482.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115658.933837                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115658.933837                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115661.463875                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115661.463875                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115661.463875                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115661.463875                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         46209                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 9061                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     5.099768                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           45312                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                45312                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        45342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        45342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      2084485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2084485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2973353731                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2973353731                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2975438216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2975438216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2975438216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2975438216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 69482.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69482.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65619.565038                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65619.565038                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65622.121124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65622.121124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65622.121124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65622.121124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     51229                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 65449.301095                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     7480885                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    116765                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     64.067871                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2778.806420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      3989.254278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     27343.838004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      1874.346108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data      6102.483150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst      7752.335987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     10736.558886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst      1416.744208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data      3454.934054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.042401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.060871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.417234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.028600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.093117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.118291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.163827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.021618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.052718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.998677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         65536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          937                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        37264                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        18165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 116823363                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                116823363                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        86392                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            86392                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       113084                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           113084                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               34                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data               15                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data               28                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data               22                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   99                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data              4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data             15248                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data               438                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data             13276                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data               562                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 29524                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst          35206                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst           7673                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst          72093                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst          11133                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             126105                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         12807                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data          3388                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data         14834                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data          3971                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             35000                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                35206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                28055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                 7673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data                 3826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                72093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data                28110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                11133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data                 4533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   190629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst               35206                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               28055                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                7673                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data                3826                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst               72093                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data               28110                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst               11133                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data                4533                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  190629                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data              7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data              2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total                1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           19920                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data            3125                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data            5087                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data            3704                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               31836                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         3236                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1523                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst         3918                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst          326                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             9003                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         7635                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data          274                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data         2064                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data          152                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           10125                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               3236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              27555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               1523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data               3399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst               3918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data               7151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data               3856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  50964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              3236                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             27555                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              1523                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data              3399                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst              3918                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data              7151                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst               326                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data              3856                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 50964                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        30500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       208500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        59000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       298000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        28500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        28500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1649523500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    258632500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    406902500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    303689500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2618748000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    276434000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    130576000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    347217500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     28640500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    782868000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    652772500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     25931000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    196980000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     16886500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    892570000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    276434000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2302296000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    130576000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    284563500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    347217500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data    603882500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     28640500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data    320576000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4294186000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    276434000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2302296000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    130576000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    284563500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    347217500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data    603882500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     28640500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data    320576000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4294186000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        86392                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        86392                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       113084                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       113084                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           35                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              109                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         35168                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data          3563                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data         18363                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data          4266                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             61360                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        38442                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         9196                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst        76011                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst        11459                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         135108                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        20442                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data         3662                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        16898                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data         4123                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         45125                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst            38442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            55610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             9196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data             7225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst            76011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data            35261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst            11459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data             8389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               241593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst           38442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           55610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            9196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data            7225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst           76011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data           35261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst           11459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data            8389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              241593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.028571                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.318182                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.066667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.091743                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.090909                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.037037                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.566424                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.877070                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.277024                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.868261                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.518840                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.084179                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.165615                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.051545                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.028449                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.066636                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.373496                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.074823                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.122145                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.036866                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.224377                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.084179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.495504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.165615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.470450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.051545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.202802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.028449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.459650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.210950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.084179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.495504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.165615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.470450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.051545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.202802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.028449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.459650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.210950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        30500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 29785.714286                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        29500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        29800                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        28500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        28500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82807.404618                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 82762.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 79988.696678                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 81989.605832                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82257.444403                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85424.598269                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 85736.047275                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 88621.107708                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 87854.294479                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86956.347884                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85497.380485                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 94638.686131                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 95436.046512                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 111095.394737                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88155.061728                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85424.598269                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83552.749047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 85736.047275                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 83719.770521                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 88621.107708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 84447.280101                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 87854.294479                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 83136.929461                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84259.202574                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85424.598269                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83552.749047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 85736.047275                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 83719.770521                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 88621.107708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 84447.280101                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 87854.294479                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 83136.929461                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84259.202574                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                32762                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     32762                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          237                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           237                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            10                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        19920                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3125                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         5087                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         3704                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          31836                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         3236                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1523                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         3918                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          326                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         9003                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7635                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          274                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         2064                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          152                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        10125                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          3236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         27555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          1523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          3399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          3918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          7151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          3856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             50964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         3236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        27555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         3918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         7151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         3856                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            50964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           27                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          479                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data          603                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data           29                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data          406                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data           31                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1069                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       138500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        39000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       198000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        18500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1450323500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    227382500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    356032500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    266649500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2300388000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    244074000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    115346000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    308037500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     25380500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    692838000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    576422500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     23191000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    176340000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     15366500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    791320000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    244074000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2026746000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    115346000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    250573500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    308037500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    532372500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     25380500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    282016000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3784546000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    244074000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2026746000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    115346000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    250573500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    308037500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    532372500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     25380500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    282016000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3784546000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     98272000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       626000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     25149500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       627500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    124675000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     98272000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       626000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     25149500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       627500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    124675000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.028571                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.318182                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.066667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091743                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.090909                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.566424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.877070                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.277024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.868261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.518840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.084179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.165615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.051545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.028449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.373496                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.074823                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.122145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.036866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.224377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.084179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.495504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.165615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.470450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.051545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.202802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.028449                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.459650                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.210950                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.084179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.495504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.165615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.470450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.051545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.202802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.028449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.459650                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.210950                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19785.714286                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19800                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        18500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72807.404618                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 72762.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 69988.696678                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 71989.605832                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72257.444403                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75424.598269                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 75736.047275                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 78621.107708                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 77854.294479                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76956.347884                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75497.380485                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 84638.686131                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 85436.046512                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 101095.394737                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78155.061728                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75424.598269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73552.749047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 75736.047275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 73719.770521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 78621.107708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 74447.280101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 77854.294479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 73136.929461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74259.202574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75424.598269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73552.749047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 75736.047275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 73719.770521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 78621.107708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 74447.280101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 77854.294479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 73136.929461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74259.202574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227481.481481                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       156500                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 167663.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       156875                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 211313.559322                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 162971.807629                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 21586.206897                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 61944.581281                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 20241.935484                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 116627.689429                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        190729                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        96714                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           30                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 590                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              19748                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                479                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               479                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        78074                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            15389                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              841                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            195                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             31760                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            31637                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         19158                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         45312                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         2086                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        90684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        90684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       150810                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       152948                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 243632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1989                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1336432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1338421                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2063413                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             3065                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                        480                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             98335                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.021518                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.145105                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   96219     97.85%     97.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    2116      2.15%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               98335                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             1836500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           268213136                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            2280364                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy          117534000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       495596                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       230388                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        53431                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           3674                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3251                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          423                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                590                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            187299                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               479                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              479                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       119154                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       135113                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           42832                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             741                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           221                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            962                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            62077                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           62077                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        135118                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        51599                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         2086                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          203                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       115332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       172677                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        27590                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        24319                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       228040                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       110767                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        34377                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        26586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                739688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1230176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1603100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       294288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       212820                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2432384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1032337                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       366688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       240116                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                7411909                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           61567                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    639280                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           304140                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.226205                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.644312                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 262545     86.32%     86.32% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  23695      7.79%     94.11% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                   8603      2.83%     96.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                   9291      3.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      6      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             304140                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          359324500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           131983                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          38466957                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          58814431                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy           9217957                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy           8748420                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy          76054423                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy          38027448                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy          11486445                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy           9526379                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8819098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
