
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.788571                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2788570677500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2788570677500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 151635                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   151635                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             4331509205                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 734048                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   643.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    97620799                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      97620799                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst        24767648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        59424640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::tsunami.ide         4048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           84196336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     24767648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total      24767648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     23823680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        23823680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst          1547978                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          3714040                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::tsunami.ide           253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             5262271                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1488980                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1488980                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst            8881843                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           21310071                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::tsunami.ide            1452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              30193366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       8881843                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          8881843                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         8543330                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              8543330                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         8543330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst           8881843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          21310071                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::tsunami.ide           1452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             38736696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     5262271                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1488980                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   5262271                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1488980                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              336064960                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  720384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                56764992                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                84196336                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             23823680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  11256                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                602005                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            390904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            311343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            322719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            260813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            233068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            274696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            344320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            308169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            320590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            392829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           297259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           434806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           319859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           374727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           337192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           327721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             47228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             54930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             54437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             54279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             50018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             52097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             46153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             50920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             58519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             66679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            52471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            65970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            44044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            60209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            41918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            87081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2788570599500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4               5262271                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4              1488980                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 5250753                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                      18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                      23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                      19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                      39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                      55                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                     30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                     12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   6080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  49171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  53353                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  53905                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  54336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  54741                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  54845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  54939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  55182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  56005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  56418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  55585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  55363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  56746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  54829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  54701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  54651                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1011683                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    388.291748                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   228.619072                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   368.084037                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       310302     30.67%     30.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       212384     20.99%     51.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       103499     10.23%     61.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        63386      6.27%     68.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        50008      4.94%     73.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        32675      3.23%     76.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        29674      2.93%     79.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        23543      2.33%     81.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       186212     18.41%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1011683                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        54461                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      96.417638                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   4361.009066                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-32767        54459    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32768-65535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::983040-1.01581e+06            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         54461                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        54461                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.286021                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.257954                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.100242                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            48322     88.73%     88.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              807      1.48%     90.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             4180      7.68%     97.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              444      0.82%     98.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20              184      0.34%     99.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21              118      0.22%     99.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22               83      0.15%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23               76      0.14%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24               53      0.10%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25               80      0.15%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26               19      0.03%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::27               44      0.08%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28               20      0.04%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::29                6      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30                3      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32                1      0.00%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::33                2      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34                1      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::35                2      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36                3      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::37                1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40                3      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::41                2      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::43                3      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::51                1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::53                2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::61                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         54461                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  67955118211                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            166411649461                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                26255075000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     12941.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                31691.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       120.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        20.36                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     30.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      8.54                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.29                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  4468520                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  657757                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 85.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                74.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     413045.02                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    83.52                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               3218312160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1710554505                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             17464668480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             2140523640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         43705821120.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          55691405970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           1908679200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    148884937080                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     28306166400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     544706660280                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           847746908535                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            304.007682                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2661450400000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2139497250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   18510850000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 2261233422250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  73714160750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  106469395500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 326503351750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               4005161580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               2128782480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             20027578620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             2489371020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         42649254960.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          57635175510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           1679993760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    152746564530                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     20727984960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     546090344700                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           850186073790                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            304.882383                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2657788391250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1804692500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   18058924000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 2268840026250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  53979750250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  110918628000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 334968656500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     17047872                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      12426                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                            98                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   816992                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     8915947                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      1305                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                          169                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  324492                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     25963819                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      13731                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                           267                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  1141484                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     5704773                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      6029                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            1                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 5710802                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numPwrStateTransitions               14152                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          7076                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean     310632407.221594                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev    452133852.458137                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         7076    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        12000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2000000000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            7076                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    590535764000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2198034913500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       5577141355                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     7076                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::cserve                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrmces                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrfen                      1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                   1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                  4486      2.06%      2.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       65      0.03%      2.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrent                      7      0.00%      2.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                200162     91.77%     93.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    6262      2.87%     96.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrkgp                      1      0.00%     96.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      8      0.00%     96.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                     10      0.00%     96.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::whami                      2      0.00%     96.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     6312      2.89%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  559      0.26%     99.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                      235      0.11%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 218113                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     240971                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              6997                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1969                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                2307                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                2030                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1969                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                    61                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.290124                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.026441                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.360153                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       402103936500     14.42%     14.42% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user          15972534000      0.57%     14.99% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle         2370489442000     85.01%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                     4487                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    83400     39.85%     39.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     117      0.06%     39.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    2711      1.30%     41.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  123075     58.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               209303                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     81863     49.15%     49.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      117      0.07%     49.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     2711      1.63%     50.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    81863     49.15%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                166554                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             2558288334500     91.74%     91.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21               247154500      0.01%     91.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22              1820626500      0.07%     91.82% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31            228209799000      8.18%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         2788565914500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.981571                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.665147                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.795755                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.committedInsts                    97620799                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      97620799                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              94607044                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 424844                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     2928316                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     12584531                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     94607044                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        424844                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           129999541                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           71899894                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               177059                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              180031                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      26022709                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    17089117                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    8933592                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               4396069826.998424                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               1181071528.001576                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.211770                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.788230                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          16132621                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass               1595676      1.63%      1.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  68076626     69.73%     71.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   187622      0.19%     71.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     71.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  117378      0.12%     71.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     71.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     71.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     71.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                    4179      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 17392716     17.81%     89.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 8860178      9.07%     98.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              155223      0.16%     98.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             148064      0.15%     98.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                1097135      1.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   97634797                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           4018981                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4095.526748                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            21732806                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           4018981                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              5.407541                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         448361500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4095.526748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          775                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         211903749                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        211903749                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     13976454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        13976454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      7364713                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        7364713                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data       303010                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       303010                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data       316433                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       316433                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      21341167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         21341167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     21341167                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        21341167                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      2775653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2775653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1234170                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1234170                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        14503                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        14503                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      4009823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        4009823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      4009823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       4009823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 219089993000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 219089993000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  98865116500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  98865116500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1037538000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total   1037538000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 317955109500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 317955109500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 317955109500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 317955109500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     16752107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16752107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      8598883                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8598883                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data       317513                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       317513                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data       316433                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       316433                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     25350990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     25350990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     25350990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     25350990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.165690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.165690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.143527                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.143527                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.045677                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.045677                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.158172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.158172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.158172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.158172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78932.774738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78932.774738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80106.562710                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80106.562710                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 71539.543543                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71539.543543                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79294.051009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79294.051009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79294.051009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79294.051009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1566290                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1566290                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2775653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2775653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1234170                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1234170                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        14503                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        14503                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4009823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4009823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4009823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4009823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         6973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         6973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data        10489                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        10489                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        17462                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        17462                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 216314340000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 216314340000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  97630946500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  97630946500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1023035000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1023035000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 313945286500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 313945286500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 313945286500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 313945286500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1545990500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1545990500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1545990500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1545990500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.165690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.165690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.143527                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.143527                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.045677                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045677                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.158172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.158172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77932.774738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77932.774738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79106.562710                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79106.562710                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70539.543543                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70539.543543                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78294.051009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78294.051009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78294.051009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78294.051009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 221710.956547                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 221710.956547                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 88534.560761                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 88534.560761                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           3022338                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          2005.251513                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            94387068                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           3022338                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             31.229819                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      182718622500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  2005.251513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.979127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.979127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2047                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1761                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999512                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         198294198                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        198294198                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     94610196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        94610196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      94610196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         94610196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     94610196                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        94610196                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      3024602                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       3024602                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      3024602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        3024602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      3024602                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       3024602                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst 151005172500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 151005172500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst 151005172500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 151005172500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst 151005172500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 151005172500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     97634798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     97634798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     97634798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     97634798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     97634798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     97634798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.030979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.030979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.030979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.030979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49925.634017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49925.634017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49925.634017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49925.634017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49925.634017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49925.634017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks      3022338                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           3022338                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      3024602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3024602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      3024602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3024602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      3024602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3024602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 147980570500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 147980570500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 147980570500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 147980570500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 147980570500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 147980570500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.030979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.030979                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030979                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.030979                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030979                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 48925.634017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48925.634017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 48925.634017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48925.634017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 48925.634017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48925.634017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 326                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2836480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        368                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7375                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7375                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              188281                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             188281                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         6078                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        19632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        34924                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       356388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       356388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  391312                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        24312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2127                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          202                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7620                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3827                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        48146                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2849936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2849936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2898082                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              6527500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               637000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                19500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                19000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy               17500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy               18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              191500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            17000500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             1893000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             4939500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy               75500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           397883234                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            24435000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy           178596000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements               178130                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                2.187983                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               178130                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         2693237266000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     2.187983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.034187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.034187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              1603746                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             1603746                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total            178194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total           178194                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     69091738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     69091738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  20478639496                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total  20478639496                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  20547731234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  20547731234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  20547731234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  20547731234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total          178194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total         178194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 171869.995025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171869.995025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115183.132514                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115183.132514                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115311.016274                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115311.016274                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115311.016274                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115311.016274                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        178288                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                36407                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     4.897080                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          177728                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               177728                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       178194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       178194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     48991738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48991738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11582173945                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11582173945                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11631165683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11631165683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11631165683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11631165683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 121869.995025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121869.995025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65144.516879                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65144.516879                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65272.487755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65272.487755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65272.487755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65272.487755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                   8413696                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4095.597829                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     3409583                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   8413696                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.405242                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                 448435000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1834.385834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       1217.528711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       1043.683284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.447848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.297248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.254805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1667                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  36594174                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 36594174                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1566290                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1566290                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      3021939                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          3021939                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data                10                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   10                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              88296                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 88296                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst         1476547                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            1476547                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data         221521                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            221521                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst               1476547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                309817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1786364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst              1476547                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data               309817                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1786364                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data              55                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 55                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          1145809                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             1145809                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst       1547978                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          1547978                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      2568635                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2568635                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst             1547978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             3714444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                5262422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1547978                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            3714444                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               5262422                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       177000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       177000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  94850671000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   94850671000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst 127939746500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total 127939746500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 210825809500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 210825809500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  127939746500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  305676480500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     433616227000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst 127939746500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 305676480500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    433616227000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1566290                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1566290                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      3021939                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      3021939                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data            65                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               65                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        1234105                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1234105                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst      3024525                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        3024525                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      2790156                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       2790156                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           3024525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           4024261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              7048786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          3024525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          4024261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             7048786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.846154                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.846154                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.928453                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.928453                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.511809                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.511809                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.920606                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.920606                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.511809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.923013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.746571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.511809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.923013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.746571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data  3218.181818                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3218.181818                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82780.525376                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82780.525376                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 82649.589658                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82649.589658                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82076.982327                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82076.982327                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 82649.589658                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82294.006990                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82398.604103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 82649.589658                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82294.006990                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82398.604103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1311252                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1311252                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks      2259919                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total       2259919                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           55                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            55                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1145809                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        1145809                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1547978                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total      1547978                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2568635                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      2568635                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        1547978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        3714444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           5262422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       1547978                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       3714444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          5262422                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         6973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         6973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data        10489                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        10489                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        17462                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        17462                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      1030500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1030500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  83392581000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  83392581000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 112459966500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 112459966500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 185139459500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 185139459500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 112459966500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 268532040500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 380992007000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 112459966500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 268532040500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 380992007000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1458828000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1458828000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1458828000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1458828000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.846154                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.846154                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.928453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.928453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.511809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.511809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.920606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.920606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.511809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.923013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.746571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.511809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.923013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.746571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 18736.363636                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18736.363636                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72780.525376                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72780.525376                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72649.589658                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72649.589658                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72076.982327                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72076.982327                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72649.589658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72294.006990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72398.604103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72649.589658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72294.006990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72398.604103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 209210.956547                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 209210.956547                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 83543.007674                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 83543.007674                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      10869631                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      5432179                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          578                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6973                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            4123988                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              10489                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             10489                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1488980                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          3939980                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               57                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1145807                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1145807                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       4117015                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        177792                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         1465                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       356577                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       356577                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        34924                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     15775325                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     15810249                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               16166826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2847696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2847696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        48146                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    105172320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    105220466                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               108068162                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             2016                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                       8816                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           5458133                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.000374                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.019343                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 5456090     99.96%     99.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    2043      0.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             5458133                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            31338500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy         12359516985                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            2773385                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        12098986536                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     14090247                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      7041376                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         2827                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        5424609                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      5422073                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         2536                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               6973                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5821880                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             10489                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            10489                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2877542                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      3022338                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         9555135                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              65                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             65                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1234105                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1234105                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       3024602                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2790307                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         1490                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         1160                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      9071465                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     12103866                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              21175331                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     96749808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     89499346                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              186249154                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         8416723                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  20983648                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         15481727                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.350734                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.477543                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               10054288     64.94%     64.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                5424903     35.04%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                   2536      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           15481727                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         9353413000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           803350                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        3024602000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4036511000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2788570677500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.014371                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 14370903000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2802941580500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                6236776                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  6236771                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              901837835                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 735072                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    15.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    99383677                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      99383677                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          842512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data         1305104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            2147616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       842512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        842512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1620880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1620880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst            52657                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            81569                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              134226                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        101305                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             101305                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst           58626239                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           90815727                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             149441966                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      58626239                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         58626239                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       112789015                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            112789015                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       112789015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst          58626239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          90815727                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            262230982                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      134226                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     101305                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    134226                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   101305                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                8586624                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3840                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 2952064                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 2147616                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1620880                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     60                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                 55179                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              7836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              5077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              7466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              3869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              6721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              7846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              7781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              8093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              8420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             8575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            13156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             7154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             7928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              2206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              2133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              2919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              2253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              6380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              2770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              3400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              2421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              2894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             2412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             2188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             3094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             3750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             2136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             3493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   14370889000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                134226                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4               101305                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  134166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   2209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   2456                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   2574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   2698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   2823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   2870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   2945                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   2983                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   3083                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   3040                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   3054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   2981                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   3034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   2906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   2875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   2850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        30041                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    384.106521                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   231.078276                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   358.968983                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         8838     29.42%     29.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6156     20.49%     49.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3674     12.23%     62.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1948      6.48%     68.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1609      5.36%     73.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1084      3.61%     77.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          970      3.23%     80.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          652      2.17%     82.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         5110     17.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        30041                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2809                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      47.765397                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     43.361309                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-31            944     33.61%     33.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-63          1183     42.11%     75.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-95           393     13.99%     89.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-127          163      5.80%     95.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           63      2.24%     97.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-191           33      1.17%     98.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-223           15      0.53%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            5      0.18%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            3      0.11%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            2      0.07%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            3      0.11%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            1      0.04%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::576-607            1      0.04%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          2809                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2809                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.420790                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.367810                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.501261                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             2479     88.25%     88.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               39      1.39%     89.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              131      4.66%     94.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               33      1.17%     95.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               46      1.64%     97.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21               26      0.93%     98.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22               12      0.43%     98.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23               16      0.57%     99.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24                9      0.32%     99.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25                6      0.21%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26                5      0.18%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::27                1      0.04%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28                2      0.07%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::29                1      0.04%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32                1      0.04%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38                2      0.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          2809                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   1852715250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              4368327750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  670830000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     13809.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                32559.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       597.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       205.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    149.44                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    112.79                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     4.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   113183                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   37072                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 84.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                80.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      61014.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    83.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 97753740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 51968730                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               425129880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              127796040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1140771840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1872521820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             55071840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3459868080                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       782780640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        162465060                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8176404150                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            568.955489                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          10119590000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     75230000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     483046000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    494537500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2038517750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3692324250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7587247500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                116710440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 62036865                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               532815360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              112981680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1134625440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1819245060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             42063360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3796354470                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       565638720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        149520000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8332049115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            579.786052                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          10271609250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     40078750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     480374000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    473306250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1473061000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3578799000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8325284000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                       333154                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                       1512                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                            24                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                    75874                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                      262273                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                       269                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                           44                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                   39371                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                       595427                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                       1781                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                            68                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                   115245                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                      429582                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                       846                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                  430428                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numPwrStateTransitions                  90                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples            45                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean           800000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev    286038.776774                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           45    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value      1000000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::total              45                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     14334903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED     36000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                         28741806                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       45                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   237      5.16%      5.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       14      0.31%      5.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                  3726     81.19%     86.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                     117      2.55%     89.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      2      0.04%     89.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      2      0.04%     89.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      381      8.30%     97.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   76      1.66%     99.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                       12      0.26%     99.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                  21      0.46%     99.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrunique                   1      0.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   4589                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       7325                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               614                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 344                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                   4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 346                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   344                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     2                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.563518                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.500000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.719335                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        12258665000     85.30%     85.30% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           1974317000     13.74%     99.03% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle            138999000      0.97%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      237                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     1708     41.18%     41.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                      26      0.63%     41.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                      15      0.36%     42.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                    2399     57.84%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 4148                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      1705     49.41%     49.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                       26      0.75%     50.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                       15      0.43%     50.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     1705     49.41%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  3451                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0              11837382000     82.36%     82.36% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                45165000      0.31%     82.68% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                32796000      0.23%     82.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31              2456638000     17.09%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total          14371981000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.998244                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.710713                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.831967                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1762878                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1762878                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1696736                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   6081                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       55557                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       178041                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1696736                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          6081                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             2337275                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1234244                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3558                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                3462                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        600228                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      336915                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     263313                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               71999.999995                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               28669806.000005                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.997495                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.002505                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                            249605                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30375      1.72%      1.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1071993     60.75%     62.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     2337      0.13%     62.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     62.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1648      0.09%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                      11      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                     254      0.01%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   346769     19.65%     82.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  262235     14.86%     97.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2162      0.12%     97.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               2006      0.11%     97.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                  44937      2.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1764727                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             83856                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 4096                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              740929                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             87952                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              8.424243                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         4096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          895                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3064                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           4859184                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          4859184                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       298281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          298281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data       203107                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         203107                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data         5505                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         5505                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data         6159                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         6159                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data        501388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           501388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data       501388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          501388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        30183                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         30183                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        52881                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        52881                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data          800                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          800                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        83064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          83064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        83064                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         83064                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2576634000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2576634000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   4373993500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4373993500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     66091000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     66091000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   6950627500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   6950627500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   6950627500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   6950627500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       328464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       328464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data       255988                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       255988                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data         6305                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         6305                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data         6159                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         6159                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       584452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       584452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       584452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       584452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.091891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.206576                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.206576                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.126883                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.126883                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.142123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.142123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.142123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.142123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85367.060928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85367.060928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82713.895350                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82713.895350                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82613.750000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82613.750000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83677.977222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83677.977222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83677.977222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83677.977222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        58222                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             58222                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        30183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        52881                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        52881                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          800                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          800                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        83064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        83064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        83064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        83064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          472                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          472                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data         1082                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1082                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2546451000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2546451000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4321112500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4321112500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     65291000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65291000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6867563500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6867563500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6867563500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6867563500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    136785500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    136785500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    136785500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    136785500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.206576                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.206576                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.126883                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126883                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.142123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.142123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.142123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.142123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 84367.060928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84367.060928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81713.895350                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81713.895350                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81613.750000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81613.750000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 82677.977222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82677.977222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 82677.977222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82677.977222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 224238.524590                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 224238.524590                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 126419.131238                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 126419.131238                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             79252                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          2047.794058                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             1908597                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             81298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             23.476555                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  2047.794058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2046                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1804                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           3608712                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          3608712                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      1685469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         1685469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       1685469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          1685469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      1685469                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         1685469                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        79258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         79258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        79258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          79258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        79258                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         79258                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4884190000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4884190000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4884190000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4884190000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4884190000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4884190000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      1764727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1764727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      1764727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      1764727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      1764727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      1764727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.044912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.044912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.044912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.044912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.044912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 61623.937016                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61623.937016                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 61623.937016                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61623.937016                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 61623.937016                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61623.937016                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        79252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             79252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        79258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        79258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        79258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        79258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4804932000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4804932000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4804932000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4804932000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4804932000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4804932000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.044912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.044912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.044912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60623.937016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60623.937016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60623.937016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60623.937016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60623.937016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60623.937016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  87                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   724992                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         90                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  637                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 637                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               45784                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              45784                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           88                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        90678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        90678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   92842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          121                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          593                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          405                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         1799                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       725208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       725208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   727007                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy               116500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                21000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               85500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              960500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy              600000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           101305378                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1692000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            45366000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                45339                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      64                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                45403                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           64                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               408051                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              408051                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             45339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            45339                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      3205985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3205985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5217471393                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   5217471393                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5220677378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   5220677378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5220677378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   5220677378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           45339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          45339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 118740.185185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118740.185185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115145.466830                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115145.466830                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115147.607534                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115147.607534                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115147.607534                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115147.607534                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         45120                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 9300                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     4.851613                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           45312                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                45312                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      1855985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1855985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2950152504                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2950152504                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2952008489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2952008489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2952008489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2952008489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 68740.185185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68740.185185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65107.532309                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65107.532309                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65109.695604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65109.695604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65109.695604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65109.695604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    240842                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4095.966776                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       61877                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    244938                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.252623                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1843.935664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        801.311777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       1450.719336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.450180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.195633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.354180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1734                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2194                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    892756                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   892756                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        58222                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            58222                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        79203                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            79203                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data                984                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   984                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst           26600                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              26600                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data           1303                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1303                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                 26600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                  2287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    28887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                26600                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                 2287                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   28887                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data               8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            51889                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               51889                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst         52657                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            52657                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        29680                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           29680                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst               52657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               81569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 134226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst              52657                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              81569                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                134226                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   4231225000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    4231225000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4406740500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   4406740500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2551522000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   2551522000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    4406740500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    6782747000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      11189487500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4406740500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   6782747000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     11189487500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        58222                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        58222                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        79203                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        79203                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data             8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          52873                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             52873                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst        79257                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          79257                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        30983                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         30983                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             79257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data             83856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               163113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            79257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data            83856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              163113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.981389                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.981389                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.664383                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.664383                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.957945                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.957945                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.664383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.972727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.822902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.664383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.972727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.822902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81543.776138                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81543.776138                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83687.648366                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83687.648366                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85967.722372                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85967.722372                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83687.648366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83153.489684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83363.040693                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83687.648366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83153.489684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83363.040693                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                55993                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     55993                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        23313                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         23313                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             8                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        51889                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          51889                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        52657                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        52657                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        29680                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        29680                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          52657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          81569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            134226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         52657                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         81569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           134226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          472                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          472                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data         1082                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1082                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       148000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       148000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3712335000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3712335000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3880170500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3880170500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2254722000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2254722000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3880170500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5967057000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9847227500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3880170500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5967057000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9847227500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    129160500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    129160500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    129160500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    129160500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.981389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.664383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.664383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.957945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.957945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.664383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.972727                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.822902                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.664383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.972727                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.822902                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71543.776138                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71543.776138                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73687.648366                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73687.648366                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75967.722372                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75967.722372                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73687.648366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73153.489684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73363.040693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73687.648366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73153.489684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73363.040693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 211738.524590                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 211738.524590                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 119371.996303                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 119371.996303                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        358958                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       179603                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           27                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 610                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              82974                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                472                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               472                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       101305                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            78080                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                8                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             51889                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            51889                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         82364                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         45312                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        90678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        90678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       402506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       404670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 495348                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1799                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3043504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      3045303                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3770295                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                               29                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                        432                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            180655                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.000161                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.012669                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  180626     99.98%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                      29      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              180655                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             1783500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           460375625                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy              69515                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy          310339250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       326230                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       163117                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          338                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         130193                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       129884                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          309                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                610                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            110878                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               472                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              472                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       114215                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        79252                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          210483                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               8                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              8                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            52873                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           52873                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         79258                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        31010                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       237767                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       253775                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                491542                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2536144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2275479                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                4811623                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          240899                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    896336                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           405075                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.323004                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.469253                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 274543     67.78%     67.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 130223     32.15%     99.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                    309      0.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             405075                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          232629000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy            34485                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          79258000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          84706000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14370903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
