
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.458072                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2458072399500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2458072399500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 244469                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   244469                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5355420543                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750696                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   458.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   112208068                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     112208068                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         736256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       21436320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst          17760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data         339872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         588384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data        3206592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst         273440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data        1016480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::tsunami.ide         4032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           27619136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       736256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        17760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       588384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst       273440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1615840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     21034016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        21034016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst           23008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          669885                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst             555                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data           10621                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst           18387                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data          100206                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst            8545                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data           31765                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::tsunami.ide           126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              863098                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        657313                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             657313                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            299526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data           8720785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst              7225                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data            138268                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst            239368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data           1304515                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst            111242                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data            413527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::tsunami.ide            1640                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              11236095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       299526                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         7225                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst       239368                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst       111242                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           657361                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         8557118                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              8557118                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         8557118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           299526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data          8720785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst             7225                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data           138268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst           239368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data          1304515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst           111242                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data           413527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::tsunami.ide           1640                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             19793214                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      863098                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     657313                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    863098                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   657313                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               55206720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   31552                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                32669440                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                27619136                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             21034016                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    493                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                146834                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             52816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             53683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             54715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             53027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             57801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             57003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             59186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             53998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             52294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             52456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            51081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            51269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            53342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            51683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            52753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            55498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             33327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             33253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             33488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             32871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             33538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             33147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             32705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             32038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             29473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             29858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            29609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            29308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            31037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            30838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            32585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            33385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                        52                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2458072238500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                863098                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5               657313                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  860331                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    2022                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                      10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                      14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                      17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                      26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   6678                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   7886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  30499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  30348                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  30145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  30505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  30565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  30760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  31971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  30949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  31030                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  31862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  30688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  30718                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  30546                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  30414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  29942                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  29817                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    301                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                    264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                    247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                    243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                    236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                    221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                    175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                    162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                    128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                    141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                    123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                    101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                    109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                    102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                     95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                     84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                     76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                     73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                     94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                    155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                    175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                     99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       251969                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    348.757061                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.151209                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   371.664876                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        99007     39.29%     39.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        54021     21.44%     60.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        17699      7.02%     67.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        11233      4.46%     72.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7328      2.91%     75.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         7036      2.79%     77.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         5666      2.25%     80.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         5080      2.02%     82.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        44899     17.82%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       251969                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        29639                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      29.103411                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    473.342532                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047        29635     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-10239            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20480-22527            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::53248-55295            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::55296-57343            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         29639                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        29639                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.222578                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.888249                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      5.095196                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         28435     95.94%     95.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-23            61      0.21%     96.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           402      1.36%     97.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-31            63      0.21%     97.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           235      0.79%     98.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-39            82      0.28%     98.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           197      0.66%     99.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            40      0.13%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-51            13      0.04%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-55            12      0.04%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-59             5      0.02%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::60-63             2      0.01%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            11      0.04%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::68-71            19      0.06%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::72-75             6      0.02%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::76-79            12      0.04%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::80-83             9      0.03%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::84-87             2      0.01%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::88-91            10      0.03%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::92-95             6      0.02%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::96-99             6      0.02%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            5      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::108-111            2      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::140-143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         29639                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  14682273975                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             30856117725                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 4313025000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     17020.85                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                35770.85                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        22.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        13.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     11.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      8.56                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   755899                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  365195                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 87.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                71.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1616715.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    81.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                936725160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                497873640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              3157515060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1379995740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         14637651600.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          17762374200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy            754748640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     34329359220                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     16370884320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     553842769920                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           643673950050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            261.861266                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2417144569749                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1205668500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    6215168000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 2299229094250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  42632423750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   33506868501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  75283176499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                862347780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                458348715                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              3001484640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1284605460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         14418839760.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          18037003620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy            766716960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     32288791710                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     16537579680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     554708591100                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           642367688505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            261.329849                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2416512414250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1269886000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    6123058000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 2302638042000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  43066680250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   34165913500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  70808819750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    11526073                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      2643                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  208897                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5636465                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      389                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                          34                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                  91736                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    17162538                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                      3032                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                           34                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  300633                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    2358412                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                     1106                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                2359518                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions              14132                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         7066                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    320964685.041042                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   450049916.780126                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         7066    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       264000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2000000000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           7066                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   190135935000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2267936464500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                      4916144799                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    7066                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                 1037      0.82%      0.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 2016      1.60%      2.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       9      0.01%      2.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      2.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               113949     90.25%     92.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   5227      4.14%     96.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     96.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     4      0.00%     96.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     4      0.00%     96.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     96.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    3830      3.03%     99.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 131      0.10%     99.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                      44      0.03%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                126265                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    133682                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5741                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                471                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                470                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                  471                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.081867                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.151481                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      2455527982500     99.90%     99.90% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          2543205000      0.10%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    2017                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   46243     38.21%     38.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     11      0.01%     38.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   2477      2.05%     40.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    756      0.62%     40.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  71536     59.11%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              121023                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    46115     48.69%     48.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      11      0.01%     48.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    2477      2.62%     51.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     756      0.80%     52.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   45361     47.89%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                94720                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2384450530000     97.00%     97.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                9480500      0.00%     97.01% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1317218500      0.05%     97.06% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30              815650500      0.03%     97.09% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            71478310000      2.91%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2458071189500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.997232                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.634100                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.782661                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   67828763                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     67828763                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             65535576                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                226624                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    2209336                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      9041511                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    65535576                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       226624                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           89015195                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          49935616                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               76210                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              77650                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     17187259                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   11540052                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5647207                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              4535872928.998155                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              380271870.001845                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.077352                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.922648                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         11660128                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              1395872      2.06%      2.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 48093639     70.90%     72.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  151042      0.22%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  93636      0.14%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                   1738      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                11790162     17.38%     90.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                5600208      8.26%     98.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead              67216      0.10%     99.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite             64034      0.09%     99.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                574282      0.85%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  67831829                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          2299797                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1015.694696                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           14804336                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          2299797                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.437236                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        168203500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  1015.694696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.991889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          802                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        551628960                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       551628960                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      9546115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        9546115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      4823525                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4823525                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       208743                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       208743                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       211818                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       211818                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     14369640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        14369640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     14369640                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       14369640                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      1762748                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1762748                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       586554                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       586554                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data        14581                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        14581                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data        11227                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        11227                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      2349302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2349302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      2349302                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2349302                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  42553377000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42553377000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  37161673500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  37161673500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    147951000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    147951000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     58701500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     58701500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data         5500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total         5500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  79715050500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  79715050500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  79715050500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  79715050500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     11308863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11308863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5410079                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5410079                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       223324                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       223324                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       223045                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       223045                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     16718942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16718942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     16718942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16718942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.155873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.155873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.108419                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.108419                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.065291                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.065291                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.050335                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.050335                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.140517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.140517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.140517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.140517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24140.363228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24140.363228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 63355.928866                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63355.928866                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10146.834922                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10146.834922                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5228.600695                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5228.600695                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33931.376426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33931.376426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33931.376426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33931.376426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1938271                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          1938271                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1762748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1762748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       586554                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       586554                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14581                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        14581                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        11227                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        11227                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      2349302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2349302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      2349302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2349302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         5222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         9829                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9829                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        15051                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15051                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  40790629000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40790629000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  36575119500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36575119500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    133370000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    133370000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     47475500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47475500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data         4500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         4500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  77365748500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  77365748500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  77365748500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  77365748500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1189385000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1189385000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1189385000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1189385000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.155873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.155873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.108419                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.108419                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.065291                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065291                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.050335                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050335                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.140517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.140517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.140517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.140517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 23140.363228                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23140.363228                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62355.928866                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62355.928866                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  9146.834922                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9146.834922                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  4228.689766                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4228.689766                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32931.376426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32931.376426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32931.376426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32931.376426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227764.266565                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227764.266565                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 79023.652913                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 79023.652913                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements          1808287                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.957083                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           66016225                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1808287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            36.507604                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       1400415500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   255.957083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        137472241                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       137472241                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     66023249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       66023249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     66023249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        66023249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     66023249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       66023249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst      1808581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1808581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst      1808581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       1808581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst      1808581                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      1808581                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  25849692500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25849692500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  25849692500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  25849692500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  25849692500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  25849692500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     67831830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     67831830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     67831830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     67831830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     67831830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     67831830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.026663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.026663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.026663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14292.803308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14292.803308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14292.803308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14292.803308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14292.803308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14292.803308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1808287                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total          1808287                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      1808581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1808581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      1808581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1808581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      1808581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1808581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  24041111500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24041111500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  24041111500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24041111500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  24041111500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24041111500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.026663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.026663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.026663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13292.803308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13292.803308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13292.803308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13292.803308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13292.803308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13292.803308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     1043136                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                       620                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                           24                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                    3850                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                     600037                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                       64                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          15                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                   2119                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     1643173                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                       684                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           39                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                    5969                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                     608554                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      234                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                 608788                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numPwrStateTransitions               5945                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2973                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    822990446.014127                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   316643372.049147                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         2973    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value      1000000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    974051500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           2973                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    11321803500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2446750596000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                      4916022235                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    2973                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                   82      0.18%      0.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  283      0.63%      0.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       9      0.02%      0.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.02%      0.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                36639     81.84%     82.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   4891     10.92%     93.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     93.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.00%     93.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.01%     93.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    2812      6.28%     99.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  35      0.08%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 44769                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     48338                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              346                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                143                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               2694                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                228                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  143                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                   85                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.658960                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.031552                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.143261                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        3362028500      0.14%      0.14% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            70219500      0.00%      0.14% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        2445388334500     99.86%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     284                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   11766     27.97%     27.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   2445      5.81%     33.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    166      0.39%     34.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  27685     65.82%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               42062                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    11707     45.27%     45.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    2445      9.45%     54.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     166      0.64%     55.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   11543     44.63%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                25861                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2379073466000     96.79%     96.79% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1055930000      0.04%     96.83% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30              158711500      0.01%     96.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31            77722996000      3.16%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2458011103500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.994986                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.416941                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.614830                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    4813718                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      4813718                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              4604532                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                 14047                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     191615                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       383337                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     4604532                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                        14047                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads            6263598                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           3574144                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                6847                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               7024                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1649342                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1045683                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    603659                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              4893379192.525906                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              22643042.474095                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.004606                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.995394                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           675695                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                32105      0.67%      0.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  2886903     59.96%     60.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   15660      0.33%     60.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                    690      0.01%     60.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     60.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                     11      0.00%     60.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     60.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     60.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1063904     22.10%     83.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 597554     12.41%     95.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead               6767      0.14%     95.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite              6579      0.14%     95.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                204268      4.24%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   4814441                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements            21428                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          951.228159                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            1504445                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            21428                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            70.209306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      79521406500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   951.228159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.928934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.928934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          676                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          634                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.660156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         52605087                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        52605087                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      1005583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1005583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data       566788                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        566788                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        20091                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20091                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        10656                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        10656                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      1572371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         1572371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      1572371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        1572371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data        17906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        18021                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        18021                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         1438                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1438                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data         2387                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2387                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data        35927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         35927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data        35927                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        35927                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    273396000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    273396000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    944254500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    944254500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      9165500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      9165500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     16509000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     16509000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        16000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        16000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1217650500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1217650500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1217650500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1217650500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1023489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1023489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data       584809                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       584809                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        21529                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21529                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        13043                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        13043                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      1608298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1608298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      1608298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1608298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.017495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.030815                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.030815                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.066794                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.066794                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.183010                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.183010                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.022339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.022339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15268.401653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15268.401653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52397.452972                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52397.452972                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6373.783032                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6373.783032                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6916.212819                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6916.212819                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 33892.351157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33892.351157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 33892.351157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33892.351157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16515                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            16515                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        17906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        18021                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        18021                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1438                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         1438                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2387                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         2387                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        35927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        35927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         2916                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         2916                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         2937                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         2937                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    255490000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    255490000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    926233500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    926233500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      7727500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7727500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     14125000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14125000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        13000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        13000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1181723500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1181723500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1181723500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1181723500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      5044000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      5044000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      5044000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      5044000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.017495                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017495                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.030815                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030815                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.066794                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066794                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.183010                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.183010                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.022339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.022339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14268.401653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14268.401653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 51397.452972                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51397.452972                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5373.783032                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5373.783032                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5917.469627                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5917.469627                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 32892.351157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32892.351157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 32892.351157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32892.351157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 240190.476190                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 240190.476190                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  1717.398706                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  1717.398706                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           235525                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          251.586149                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            4567097                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           235525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            19.391135                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      71531394500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   251.586149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.982758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.982758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses          9864663                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses         9864663                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      4578660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        4578660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      4578660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         4578660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      4578660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        4578660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       235781                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       235781                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       235781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        235781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       235781                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       235781                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3188524000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3188524000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3188524000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3188524000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3188524000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3188524000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      4814441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4814441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      4814441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      4814441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      4814441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      4814441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.048974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.048974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.048974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.048974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.048974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13523.244027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13523.244027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13523.244027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13523.244027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13523.244027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13523.244027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks       235525                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total           235525                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       235781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       235781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       235781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       235781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       235781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       235781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2952743000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2952743000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2952743000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2952743000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2952743000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2952743000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.048974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.048974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.048974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12523.244027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12523.244027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12523.244027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12523.244027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12523.244027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12523.244027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     4933131                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                      5443                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                           14                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                  475345                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    3123753                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                      489                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                          73                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                 168003                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                     8056884                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                      5932                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                           87                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                  643348                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                    2980547                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                     2970                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           1                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                2983517                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numPwrStateTransitions              10525                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         5263                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    454417615.713471                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   457037023.177139                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         5263    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        21500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    974016000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           5263                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    66472488000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2391599911500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                      4916027667                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                    5263                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                 1448      1.52%      1.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      1.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      1.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                 3574      3.76%      5.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                      18      0.02%      5.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      5.31% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                78705     82.72%     88.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   5388      5.66%     93.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     93.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     2      0.00%     93.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     5      0.01%     93.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.00%     93.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    5600      5.89%     99.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 266      0.28%     99.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                     124      0.13%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 95145                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    108233                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             8430                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                757                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                757                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  757                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.089798                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.164798                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      2450580913000     99.79%     99.79% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user          5054568500      0.21%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                    3575                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                   33260     37.62%     37.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                    103      0.12%     37.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                   2446      2.77%     40.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                   1551      1.75%     42.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  51042     57.74%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               88402                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                    32507     48.11%     48.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                     103      0.15%     48.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                    2446      3.62%     51.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                    1551      2.30%     54.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                   30963     45.82%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                67570                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2357765277000     95.92%     95.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21               78496500      0.00%     95.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1088257000      0.04%     95.97% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30             1502799500      0.06%     96.03% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31            97578989500      3.97%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2458013819500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.977360                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.606618                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.764349                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   25567370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     25567370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             24809598                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                296872                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     769022                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      2603752                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    24809598                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                       296872                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           34635486                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          18699985                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads              148356                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes             151641                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      8099372                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    4958892                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   3140480                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              4783085858.545268                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              132941808.454732                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.027043                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.972957                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          3648746                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               185880      0.73%      0.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 16533983     64.65%     65.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   48555      0.19%     65.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     65.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  23260      0.09%     65.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     65.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     65.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     65.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     65.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                   1873      0.01%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 4933839     19.29%     84.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                3065056     11.99%     96.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead             138449      0.54%     97.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite            133290      0.52%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                509204      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  25573389                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           229329                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          909.989525                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            7676011                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           229329                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            33.471611                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      75004997500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   909.989525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.888662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.888662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          800                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          789                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.781250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        258890527                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       258890527                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      4704221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4704221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      2824774                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2824774                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data        56685                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        56685                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data        46935                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        46935                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      7528995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         7528995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      7528995                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        7528995                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       174998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       174998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       233580                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       233580                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data        15803                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        15803                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data        21179                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        21179                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data       408578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        408578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data       408578                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       408578                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4395143000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4395143000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   8219239000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   8219239000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    121593500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    121593500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    100107000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    100107000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        12500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        12500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  12614382000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12614382000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  12614382000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12614382000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      4879219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4879219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      3058354                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3058354                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        72488                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        72488                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data        68114                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        68114                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      7937573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7937573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      7937573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7937573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.035866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.076374                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.076374                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.218008                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.218008                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.310935                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.310935                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.051474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.051474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.051474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.051474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 25115.389890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25115.389890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 35188.111140                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35188.111140                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  7694.330190                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7694.330190                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  4726.710421                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4726.710421                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 30873.864966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30873.864966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 30873.864966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30873.864966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       162287                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           162287                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       174998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       174998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       233580                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       233580                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        15803                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        15803                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        21179                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        21179                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       408578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       408578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       408578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       408578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         1728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         7846                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7846                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         9574                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         9574                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4220145000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4220145000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7985659000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7985659000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    105790500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105790500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     78930000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78930000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        10500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        10500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  12205804000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12205804000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  12205804000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12205804000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    357995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    357995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    357995000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    357995000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.035866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.076374                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076374                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.218008                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218008                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.310935                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.310935                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.051474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.051474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24115.389890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24115.389890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 34188.111140                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34188.111140                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  6694.330190                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6694.330190                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  3726.804854                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3726.804854                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 29873.864966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29873.864966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 29873.864966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29873.864966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 207173.032407                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 207173.032407                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 37392.416963                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 37392.416963                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements          1356167                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          251.552075                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           24212789                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1356167                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            17.853840                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      72084938500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   251.552075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.982625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.982625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         52503305                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        52503305                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst     24216862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       24216862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst     24216862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        24216862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst     24216862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       24216862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst      1356527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1356527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst      1356527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total       1356527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst      1356527                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total      1356527                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  19615183000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19615183000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  19615183000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  19615183000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  19615183000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  19615183000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst     25573389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     25573389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst     25573389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     25573389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst     25573389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     25573389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.053044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.053044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.053044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.053044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.053044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14459.854467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14459.854467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14459.854467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14459.854467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14459.854467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14459.854467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1356167                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total          1356167                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst      1356527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1356527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst      1356527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1356527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst      1356527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1356527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  18258656000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18258656000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  18258656000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18258656000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  18258656000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18258656000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.053044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.053044                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053044                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.053044                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053044                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13459.854467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13459.854467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13459.854467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13459.854467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13459.854467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13459.854467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                     2829824                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                      3886                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                           60                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                  129853                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                    1861946                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                      386                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                          54                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                  63069                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                     4691770                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                      4272                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                          114                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                  192922                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                    1791486                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                     1820                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                1793306                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numPwrStateTransitions               7175                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         3588                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    674673057.413601                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   404643029.245658                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         3588    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    974039000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           3588                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    37345469500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2420726930000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                      4916021974                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                    3588                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                  645      0.70%      0.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1822      1.99%      2.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                      28      0.03%      2.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      2.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                79641     86.77%     89.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   5006      5.45%     94.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     94.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     2      0.00%     94.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.00%     94.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                    4436      4.83%     99.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                 129      0.14%     99.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                      63      0.07%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 91787                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                    101183                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5626                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                604                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                604                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                  604                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.107359                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.193900                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      2454194680000     99.93%     99.93% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user          1632800500      0.07%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                    1823                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                   30361     34.79%     34.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                   2445      2.80%     37.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                    821      0.94%     38.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                  53639     61.47%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               87266                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                    29716     47.90%     47.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                    2445      3.94%     51.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                     821      1.32%     53.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                   29050     46.83%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                62032                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2366738757500     96.29%     96.29% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1092939500      0.04%     96.33% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30              744778500      0.03%     96.36% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31            89434497500      3.64%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2458010973000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.978756                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.541584                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.710838                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   13998217                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     13998217                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             13478953                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                104418                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     553789                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1296441                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    13478953                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                       104418                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           18539735                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          10134243                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               51945                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              53138                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      4716788                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    2845101                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1871687                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              4841332901.079033                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              74689072.920967                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.015193                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.984807                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          2061371                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                91669      0.65%      0.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  8589016     61.34%     61.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   29723      0.21%     62.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     62.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   7794      0.06%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                    575      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 2905373     20.75%     83.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1827515     13.05%     96.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead              48910      0.35%     96.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite             47139      0.34%     96.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                454889      3.25%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  14002603                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements           186185                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          985.965321                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            4432797                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           186185                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.808561                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      75014212500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   985.965321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.962857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.962857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          967                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          965                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.944336                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        150745586                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       150745586                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data      2653804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2653804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data      1665191                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1665191                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data        49024                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        49024                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data        44079                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        44079                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data      4318995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total         4318995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data      4318995                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total        4318995                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data       124376                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       124376                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data       135112                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       135112                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data        13852                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        13852                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data        18089                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        18089                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data       259488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        259488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data       259488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       259488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2101908000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2101908000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2740283000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2740283000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     87276000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     87276000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     90935500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     90935500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data         5000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total         5000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4842191000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4842191000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4842191000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4842191000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data      2778180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2778180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data      1800303                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1800303                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data        62876                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        62876                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data        62168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        62168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data      4578483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4578483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data      4578483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4578483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.044769                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044769                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.075050                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.075050                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.220307                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.220307                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.290970                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.290970                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.056676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.056676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16899.626938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16899.626938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20281.566404                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20281.566404                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  6300.606411                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6300.606411                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  5027.115927                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5027.115927                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 18660.558484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18660.558484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 18660.558484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18660.558484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       142025                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           142025                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       124376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       124376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       135112                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       135112                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        13852                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        13852                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        18089                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        18089                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       259488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       259488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       259488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       259488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data         4338                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         4338                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data         4437                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         4437                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1977532000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1977532000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2605171000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2605171000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     73424000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73424000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     72847500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72847500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data         4000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         4000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4582703000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4582703000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4582703000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4582703000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     17263000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     17263000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     17263000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     17263000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.044769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.075050                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.075050                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.220307                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.220307                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.290970                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290970                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.056676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.056676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15899.626938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15899.626938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 19281.566404                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19281.566404                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  5300.606411                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5300.606411                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  4027.171209                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4027.171209                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17660.558484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17660.558484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17660.558484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17660.558484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 174373.737374                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 174373.737374                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data  3890.691909                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  3890.691909                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements           982383                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          251.518235                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           13015334                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs           982383                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            13.248737                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      72659244500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   251.518235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.982493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.982493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         28987893                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        28987893                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst     13019916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       13019916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst     13019916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        13019916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst     13019916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       13019916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst       982687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       982687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst       982687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total        982687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst       982687                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total       982687                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  13846410000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13846410000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  13846410000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  13846410000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  13846410000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  13846410000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst     14002603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14002603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst     14002603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     14002603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst     14002603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     14002603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.070179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.070179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.070179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.070179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.070179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14090.356339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14090.356339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14090.356339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14090.356339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14090.356339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14090.356339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks       982383                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total           982383                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst       982687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       982687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst       982687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       982687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst       982687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       982687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  12863723000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12863723000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  12863723000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12863723000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  12863723000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12863723000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.070179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.070179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.070179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13090.356339                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13090.356339                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13090.356339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13090.356339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13090.356339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13090.356339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 326                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2836480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        368                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7346                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7346                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              113825                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             113825                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        33126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          840                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        19978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         3638                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        63998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       178344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       178344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  242342                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio       132504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2031                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          169                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9989                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio        14532                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3827                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       163294                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2849952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2849952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  3013246                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             35995000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               627000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                19500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                20000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy               18500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy               19000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              175500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            17397000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             3611000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5244000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy               76000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           283279437                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            39069000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            89576000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                89140                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.596506                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                89140                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         2412252049000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.596506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.018641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.018641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               802548                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              802548                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        89172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             89172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        89172                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            89172                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     45077820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     45077820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10446736617                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total  10446736617                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10491814437                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  10491814437                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10491814437                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  10491814437                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        89172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           89172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        89172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          89172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 163325.434783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163325.434783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117516.385630                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117516.385630                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117658.171141                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117658.171141                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117658.171141                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117658.171141                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         36142                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                19118                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     1.890470                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           88864                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                88864                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        89172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        89172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     31277820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31277820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5998665857                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5998665857                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   6029943677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6029943677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   6029943677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6029943677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 113325.434783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113325.434783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67479.592524                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67479.592524                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67621.491915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67621.491915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67621.491915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67621.491915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    835785                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32698.305413                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     7761106                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    835785                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      9.286008                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               11383157000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      567.122670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      4093.207631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     15183.052009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst        41.245984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data       351.654340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst        99.463186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     10038.889998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst       565.834857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data      1757.834737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.017307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.124915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.463350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.001259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.010732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.003035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.306363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.017268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.053645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.997873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          785                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7947                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        19372                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4654                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                3249952771                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses               3249952771                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2259098                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2259098                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      2947085                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          2947085                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             6916                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              963                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data             7006                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data             4763                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                19648                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data           1355                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            692                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data           1504                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data           1842                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               5393                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            150932                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data              1535                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            120082                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data             21749                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                294298                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst        1785561                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst         235184                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst        1338077                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst         974089                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            4332911                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       1459445                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data          6249                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data         88955                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data         47040                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1601689                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              1785561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data              1610377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst               235184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data                 7784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              1338077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data               209037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst               974089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data                68789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  6228898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             1785561                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data             1610377                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst              235184                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data                7784                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             1338077                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data              209037                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst              974089                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data               68789                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 6228898                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data             97                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data             87                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data             53                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                247                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total                6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          397650                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data            9200                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data           68246                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data           21923                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              497019                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst        23015                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst          595                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst        18422                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst         8579                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            50611                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       272331                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data         1422                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data        32518                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data        10157                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          316428                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              23015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             669981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst                595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data              10622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              18422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data             100764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst               8579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data              32080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 864058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             23015                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            669981                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst               595                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data             10622                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             18422                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data            100764                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst              8579                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data             32080                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                864058                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        89500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       119000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       833500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1054000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      2096000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        86500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        29500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        28500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       144500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33978613000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    859531000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6231541000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1986732000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   43056417000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2067432500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     56766000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1656851000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    749955500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   4531005000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  22792472500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    147796500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2979819000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1215338000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  27135426000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2067432500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  56771085500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     56766000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1007327500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1656851000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9211360000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    749955500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   3202070000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      74722848000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2067432500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  56771085500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     56766000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1007327500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1656851000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9211360000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    749955500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   3202070000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     74722848000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2259098                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2259098                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      2947085                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      2947085                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         6926                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1060                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data         7093                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data         4816                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            19895                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1358                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          693                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data         1505                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data         1843                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           5399                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        548582                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data         10735                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        188328                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data         43672                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            791317                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1808576                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       235779                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      1356499                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst       982668                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        4383522                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1731776                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data         7671                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       121473                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data        57197                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1918117                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          1808576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          2280358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst           235779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data            18406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          1356499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data           309801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst           982668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data           100869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              7092956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         1808576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         2280358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst          235779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data           18406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         1356499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data          309801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst          982668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data          100869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             7092956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001444                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.091509                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.012266                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.011005                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.012415                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002209                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.001443                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000664                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.000543                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.001111                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.724869                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.857010                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.362378                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.501992                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.628091                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012725                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002524                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013581                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.008730                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.011546                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.157255                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.185373                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.267697                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.177579                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.164968                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.012725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.293805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.002524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.577094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.013581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.325254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.008730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.318036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.121819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.012725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.293805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.002524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.577094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.013581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.325254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.008730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.318036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.121819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data         8950                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  1226.804124                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  9580.459770                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 19886.792453                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8485.829960                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28833.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        29500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        28500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24083.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85448.542688                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 93427.282609                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 91309.981537                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 90623.181134                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86629.317994                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 89829.784923                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 95405.042017                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 89938.714580                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 87417.589463                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89526.091166                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83694.006558                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 103935.654008                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 91635.986223                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 119655.213153                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85755.451477                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 89829.784923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84735.366376                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 95405.042017                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 94834.070796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 89938.714580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 91415.187964                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 87417.589463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 99815.149626                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86478.972476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 89829.784923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84735.366376                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 95405.042017                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 94834.070796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 89938.714580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 91415.187964                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 87417.589463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 99815.149626                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86478.972476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               568449                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    568449                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           40                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           35                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           34                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total           116                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data           94                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total          107                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst               7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data              94                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst              34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data              13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             40                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             35                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             94                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             34                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data             13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                223                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          928                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           928                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           97                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           87                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           53                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           247                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       397650                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         9200                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        68246                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        21923                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         497019                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        23008                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          555                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        18387                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         8545                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        50495                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       272331                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1422                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        32424                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        10144                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       316321                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         23008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        669981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         10622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         18387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        100670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          8545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         32067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            863835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        23008                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       669981                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        10622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        18387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       100670                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         8545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        32067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           863835                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         5222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         9829                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         2916                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         7846                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data         4338                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        24929                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        15051                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         2937                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         9574                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data         4437                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        31999                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       196000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1912500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1705500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1030500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4844500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        56500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        19500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        19500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        18500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       114000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  30002113000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    767531000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5549081000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1767502000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38086227000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1836697500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     48109500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1469935500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    660717000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4015459500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20069162500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    133576500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2647687000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1112972000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23963398000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1836697500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  50071275500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     48109500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    901107500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1469935500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   8196768000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    660717000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2880474000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  66065084500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1836697500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  50071275500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     48109500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    901107500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1469935500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   8196768000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    660717000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2880474000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  66065084500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1124106000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      4780500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    336386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     16025500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1481298000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1124106000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      4780500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    336386000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     16025500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1481298000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001444                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.091509                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.012266                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.011005                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012415                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002209                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.001443                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000664                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.000543                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001111                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.724869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.857010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.362378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.501992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.628091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.008696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.157255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.185373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.266924                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.177352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.164912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.293805                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.577094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.324951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.008696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.317907                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.121788                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.293805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.577094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.324951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.008696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.317907                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.121788                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19600                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19716.494845                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19603.448276                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 19443.396226                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19613.360324                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 18833.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        19500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        19500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        18500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75448.542688                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 83427.282609                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 81309.981537                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 80623.181134                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76629.317994                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79828.646558                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 86683.783784                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 79944.281286                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 77322.059684                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79521.922963                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73694.006558                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 93935.654008                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 81658.246978                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 109717.271293                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75756.582712                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79828.646558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74735.366376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 86683.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 84834.070796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 79944.281286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 81422.151584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 77322.059684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 89826.737768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76478.823502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79828.646558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74735.366376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 86683.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 84834.070796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 79944.281286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 81422.151584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 77322.059684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 89826.737768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76478.823502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 215263.500574                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 227642.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 194667.824074                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 161873.737374                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 209518.811881                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 74686.466016                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  1627.681307                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 35135.366618                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data  3611.787244                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 46292.009125                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       2004687                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1054328                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          636                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7070                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             374162                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              24929                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             24929                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       657313                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           259933                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            86079                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          47482                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            497840                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           496364                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        367092                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         88896                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         1576                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       178438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       178438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        63998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2689295                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      2753293                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2931731                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2847680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2847680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       163294                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     45805472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     45968766                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                48816446                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                           136063                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                      11456                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1119388                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.001976                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.044409                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1117176     99.80%     99.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    2212      0.20%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1119388                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            63202500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          3187371166                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            2576751                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         2871337756                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     14654527                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      6415401                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      2683061                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          10682                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         9910                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          772                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               7070                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           6516497                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             24929                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            24929                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2827547                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      4382362                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          744976                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          105072                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         52875                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         157947                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            7                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            7                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           868195                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          868195                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       4383576                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2125855                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         1851                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          128                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5425444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      6993658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       707085                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        87213                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4069193                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1012670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2947738                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       594051                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              21837052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    115739616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    135051153                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15081728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1140744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     86805312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15162633                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     62881632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7806556                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              439669374                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1255243                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  27299904                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          8405215                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.410533                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.840002                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                6416887     76.34%     76.34% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                1011999     12.04%     88.38% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 490454      5.84%     94.22% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 485805      5.78%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                     62      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      6      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            8405215                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        10676461492                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           263399                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1811540035                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        2367962462                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy         237878276                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy          38033388                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy        1360017941                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy         423679428                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy         986673451                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy         264557569                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2458072399500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.005939                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  5938849000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2464011248500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               20844820                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 20844770                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1085439818                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 752744                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.47                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   114049321                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     114049321                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          64384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         453248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst          30912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data          68352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst          86976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data         129120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst           6272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data          47968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             887232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        64384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        30912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst        86976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst         6272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        188544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1219392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1219392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst            2012                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           14164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst             966                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data            2136                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst            2718                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data            4035                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst             196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data            1499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               27726                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         38106                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              38106                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst          10841158                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          76319166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst           5205049                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data          11509301                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst          14645262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data          21741587                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst           1056097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data           8076986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             149394605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst     10841158                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst      5205049                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst     14645262                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst      1056097                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         31747566                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       205324634                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            205324634                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       205324634                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst         10841158                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         76319166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst          5205049                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data         11509301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst         14645262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data         21741587                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst          1056097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data          8076986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            354719239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       27726                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      38106                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     27726                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    38106                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1774016                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1681664                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  887232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1219392                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                 11832                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              2036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              2144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              2330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              2191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              2092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             2392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             2331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                        10                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    5937583000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                 27726                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                38106                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   27636                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                      83                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   1518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   1426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   1380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   1489                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   1513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   1512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1824                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   1574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   1561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   1830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   1541                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   1510                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   1457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   1365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   1283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                     54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         9459                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    365.305423                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   220.004580                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   356.297977                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2749     29.06%     29.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2270     24.00%     53.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1233     13.04%     66.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          663      7.01%     73.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          364      3.85%     76.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          226      2.39%     79.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          137      1.45%     80.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          100      1.06%     81.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1717     18.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         9459                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1238                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      22.394184                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     38.999095                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           1075     86.83%     86.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-63           104      8.40%     95.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            25      2.02%     97.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           15      1.21%     98.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            9      0.73%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            2      0.16%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            1      0.08%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            1      0.08%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            1      0.08%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            1      0.08%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            1      0.08%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.08%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            1      0.08%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-671            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          1238                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1238                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      21.224556                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     19.577693                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     11.267224                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17           783     63.25%     63.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           152     12.28%     75.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-21             9      0.73%     76.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23             2      0.16%     76.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            11      0.89%     77.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            92      7.43%     84.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-29             7      0.57%     85.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30-31             4      0.32%     85.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            57      4.60%     90.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34-35             8      0.65%     90.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            17      1.37%     92.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38-39             7      0.57%     92.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            46      3.72%     96.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::42-43             2      0.16%     96.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-45             4      0.32%     97.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46-47             6      0.48%     97.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-49             7      0.57%     98.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::50-51             1      0.08%     98.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-53             1      0.08%     98.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-57             1      0.08%     98.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-65             3      0.24%     98.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::68-69             3      0.24%     98.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::74-75             3      0.24%     99.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::76-77             2      0.16%     99.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::80-81             3      0.24%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::90-91             1      0.08%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::94-95             1      0.08%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::96-97             2      0.16%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::98-99             1      0.08%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::112-113            1      0.08%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::114-115            1      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          1238                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    431746000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               951477250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  138595000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15575.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34325.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       298.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       283.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    149.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    205.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    2.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    23610                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   20922                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 85.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                79.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      90192.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    82.48                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 33422340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 17768190                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               100552620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               69347700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         420413760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            669734610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             17942400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1056408360                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       419977440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        273500700                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             3079097340                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            518.467019                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           4421958000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     24801000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     178194000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1012964500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1093696500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1312519000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2316674000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 34143480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 18128715                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                97361040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               67813020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         422872320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            655284540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             26833440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1000460010                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       429233280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        310255500                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             3062615505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            515.691762                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           4427518750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     49131000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     179366000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1119645750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1117744250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1278947500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2194014500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                      143639                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                       497                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                   52425                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                     130290                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      125                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                          15                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                  25975                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                      273929                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                       622                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                           15                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                   78400                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                     254207                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                      268                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                 254475                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                 16                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples            8                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean       369573875                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   282404736.128935                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10            8    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value      1214500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    848726000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total              8                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     2982258000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   2956591000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        11877698                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       8                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.28%      0.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   67      4.77%      5.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.14%      5.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1155     82.26%     87.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     16      1.14%     88.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.07%     88.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.07%     88.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     131      9.33%     98.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  24      1.71%     99.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.21%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  1404                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      2321                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              198                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                117                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                117                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                  117                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.590909                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.742857                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        5250294500     88.40%     88.40% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user           688950500     11.60%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      67                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     599     46.15%     46.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                      4      0.31%     46.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                      6      0.46%     46.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      2      0.15%     47.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    687     52.93%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                1298                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      597     49.58%     49.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                       4      0.33%     49.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                       6      0.50%     50.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       2      0.17%     50.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     595     49.42%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 1204                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0              5605211000     94.38%     94.38% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                3446000      0.06%     94.43% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                4555500      0.08%     94.51% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2361000      0.04%     94.55% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              323671500      5.45%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total          5939245000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.996661                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.866084                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.927581                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     747950                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       747950                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               720346                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3960                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      22692                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        75808                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      720346                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         3960                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            1008625                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            504059                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                2545                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               2507                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       275385                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     144742                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    130643                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              5913181.999004                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              5964516.000996                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.502161                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.497839                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           104033                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                14015      1.87%      1.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                   437233     58.41%     60.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     709      0.09%     60.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   1217      0.16%     60.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     60.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                    230      0.03%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  148113     19.79%     80.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 129846     17.35%     97.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead               1353      0.18%     97.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite              1160      0.15%     98.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                 14711      1.97%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                    748587                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            28591                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          906.839244                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             266825                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            29615                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.009792                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   906.839244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.885585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.885585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          793                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          8797704                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         8797704                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       130041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         130041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       110556                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        110556                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data         1950                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1950                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data         2043                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2043                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       240597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          240597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       240597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         240597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        11510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        17530                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        17530                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data          312                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          312                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data           75                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           75                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        29040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         29040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        29040                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        29040                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    497591500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    497591500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    903073000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    903073000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4505000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      4505000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       381000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       381000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1400664500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1400664500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1400664500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1400664500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       141551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       141551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       128086                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       128086                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2262                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2262                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       269637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       269637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       269637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       269637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.081313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.081313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.136861                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.136861                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.137931                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.137931                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035411                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.035411                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.107700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.107700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.107700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.107700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43231.233710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43231.233710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51515.858528                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51515.858528                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14439.102564                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14439.102564                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data         5080                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         5080                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 48232.248623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48232.248623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 48232.248623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48232.248623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        21635                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            21635                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        11510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        17530                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        17530                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          312                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          312                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           75                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        29040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        29040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        29040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data          600                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          600                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    486081500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    486081500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    885543000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    885543000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4193000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4193000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       306000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       306000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1371624500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1371624500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1371624500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1371624500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    103679000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    103679000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    103679000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    103679000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.081313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.136861                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136861                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.137931                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137931                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035411                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035411                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.107700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.107700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42231.233710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42231.233710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50515.858528                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50515.858528                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13439.102564                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13439.102564                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data         4080                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         4080                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 47232.248623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47232.248623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 47232.248623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47232.248623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 239997.685185                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 239997.685185                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 172798.333333                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 172798.333333                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            23352                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.999767                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             732258                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            23608                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            31.017367                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   255.999767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1520527                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         1520527                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       725234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         725234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       725234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          725234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       725234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         725234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst        23353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        23353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst        23353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         23353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst        23353                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        23353                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    462015500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    462015500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    462015500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    462015500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    462015500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    462015500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       748587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       748587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       748587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       748587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       748587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       748587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.031196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.031196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.031196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.031196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 19783.989209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19783.989209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 19783.989209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19783.989209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 19783.989209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19783.989209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks        23352                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total            23352                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        23353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        23353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        23353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    438662500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    438662500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    438662500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    438662500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    438662500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    438662500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.031196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.031196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.031196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 18783.989209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18783.989209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 18783.989209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18783.989209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 18783.989209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18783.989209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                       29982                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                       325                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                           12                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                    1841                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                      19447                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                       34                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           8                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                    895                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                       49429                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                       359                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           20                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                    2736                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                      25132                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      124                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                  25256                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numPwrStateTransitions                 22                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           12                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean       446740875                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   403782965.416961                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           12    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    973957000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             12                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      577958500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   5360890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                        11718571                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      11                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   56     12.56%     12.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.12%     13.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  284     63.68%     77.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                     15      3.36%     80.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      75     16.82%     97.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.02%     99.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.45%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   446                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       958                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              121                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 66                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 10                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   66                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.553719                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.100000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.680203                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         529954500      5.18%      5.18% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            27482500      0.27%      5.45% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          9675672000     94.55%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      56                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     151     41.03%     41.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                      6      1.63%     42.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      0.82%     43.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    208     56.52%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 368                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      151     49.03%     49.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                       6      1.95%     50.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      0.97%     51.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     148     48.05%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  308                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0              5737548000     97.92%     97.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2788000      0.05%     97.97% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                3498500      0.06%     98.03% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              115451000      1.97%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total          5859285500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.711538                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.836957                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.committedInsts                     168602                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                       168602                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses               162452                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                   247                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                       3582                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts        19699                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                      162452                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                          247                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads             215932                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes            121880                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                 120                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                121                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                        50517                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                      30851                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                     19666                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              10578139.964262                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              1140431.035738                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.097318                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.902682                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                            24716                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                 2926      1.73%      1.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                   106918     63.27%     65.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     348      0.21%     65.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     65.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                     40      0.02%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      3      0.00%     65.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     65.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     65.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     65.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     65.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     65.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     65.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     65.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     65.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     65.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     65.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     65.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     65.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     65.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     65.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     65.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     65.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     65.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     65.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     65.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                   31928     18.89%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                  19589     11.59%     95.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                104      0.06%     95.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite               100      0.06%     95.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                  7025      4.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                    168981                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             3901                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          864.713981                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             142027                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4746                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            29.925622                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   864.713981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.844447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.844447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          845                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          825                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.825195                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1605490                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1605490                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data        27597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          27597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data        17038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data          496                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          496                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data          523                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          523                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data        44635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           44635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data        44635                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          44635                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data         2361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data         1938                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1938                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data           56                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           56                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data         4299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          4299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data         4299                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         4299                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     50105500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50105500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    158384000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    158384000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1688500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1688500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       181500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       181500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    208489500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    208489500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    208489500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    208489500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data        29958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data        18976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        18976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data          552                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          552                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data          551                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          551                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data        48934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        48934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data        48934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        48934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.078810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.078810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.102129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.102129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.101449                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.101449                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.050817                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.050817                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.087853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.087853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.087853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.087853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21222.151631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21222.151631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 81725.490196                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81725.490196                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 30151.785714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30151.785714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6482.142857                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6482.142857                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 48497.208653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48497.208653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 48497.208653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48497.208653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2813                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             2813                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           56                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           56                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           28                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           22                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           22                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data           26                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     47744500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47744500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    156446000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    156446000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1632500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1632500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       153500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       153500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    204190500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    204190500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    204190500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    204190500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       676000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       676000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.078810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.102129                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102129                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.101449                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101449                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.050817                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050817                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.087853                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087853                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.087853                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087853                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20222.151631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20222.151631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 80725.490196                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80725.490196                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 29151.785714                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29151.785714                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5482.142857                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5482.142857                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 47497.208653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47497.208653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 47497.208653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47497.208653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       169000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       169000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data        26000                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        26000                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             6048                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             174496                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             6304                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            27.680203                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst          256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           344010                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          344010                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst       162933                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         162933                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst       162933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          162933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst       162933                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         162933                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst         6048                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         6048                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst         6048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          6048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         6048                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         6048                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    153952500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    153952500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    153952500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    153952500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    153952500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    153952500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       168981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       168981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst       168981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       168981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst       168981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       168981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.035791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.035791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.035791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 25455.109127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25455.109127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 25455.109127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25455.109127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 25455.109127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25455.109127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         6048                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             6048                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    147904500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    147904500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    147904500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    147904500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    147904500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    147904500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.035791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.035791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.035791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 24455.109127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24455.109127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 24455.109127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24455.109127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 24455.109127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24455.109127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                      149800                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                       375                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                   19733                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                     103984                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                       73                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                          12                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                  11548                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                      253784                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                       448                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                           12                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                   31281                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                     126062                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                      338                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                 126400                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numPwrStateTransitions                106                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           54                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    66275601.851852                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   212841315.493212                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           54    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    972807000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             54                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     2359966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   3578882500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                        11714199                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      53                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    5      0.22%      0.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   68      2.96%      3.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.13%      3.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1969     85.57%     88.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                     82      3.56%     92.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.04%     92.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.04%     92.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     110      4.78%     97.31% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  34      1.48%     98.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       6      0.26%     99.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                 21      0.91%     99.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.04%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                  2301                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      3121                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              178                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 87                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 87                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   87                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.488764                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.656604                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        5659780500     94.77%     94.77% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user           312270500      5.23%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      68                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     782     37.22%     37.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                     15      0.71%     37.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                      6      0.29%     38.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.05%     38.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   1297     61.73%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                2101                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      781     49.34%     49.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                      15      0.95%     50.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                       6      0.38%     50.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.06%     50.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     780     49.27%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 1583                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0              5143947500     87.82%     87.82% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21               12129500      0.21%     88.03% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                3125500      0.05%     88.08% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1244500      0.02%     88.11% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              696652500     11.89%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total          5857099500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.998721                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.601388                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.753451                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     754786                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                       754786                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses               727195                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                  2242                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      25948                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts        74695                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                      727195                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                         2242                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads             998413                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            538254                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                1070                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes               1019                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       255052                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     150766                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    104286                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              7059236.866819                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              4654962.133181                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.397378                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.602622                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           108566                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                10814      1.43%      1.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                   465065     61.58%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    1413      0.19%     63.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     63.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                    381      0.05%     63.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     63.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     11      0.00%     63.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     63.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     63.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                     18      0.00%     63.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     63.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     63.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     63.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     63.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     63.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     63.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     63.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     63.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     63.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     63.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     63.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     63.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     63.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     63.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     63.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     63.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  155433     20.58%     83.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 103883     13.75%     97.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                898      0.12%     97.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite               934      0.12%     97.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                 16396      2.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                    755246                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            17418                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          879.393585                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             248259                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            18118                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            13.702340                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   879.393585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.858783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.858783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          700                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          694                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.683594                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          8148639                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses         8148639                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data       138158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         138158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data        91918                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         91918                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data         2645                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2645                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data         2890                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2890                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data       230076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          230076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data       230076                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         230076                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data         9091                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9091                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data         8941                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         8941                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data          348                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          348                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data        18032                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         18032                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data        18032                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        18032                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    224101500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    224101500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    301910000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    301910000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      7091500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      7091500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       460000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       460000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data    526011500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    526011500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data    526011500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    526011500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data       147249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       147249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data       100859                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       100859                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data         2993                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2993                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data         2980                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2980                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data       248108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       248108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data       248108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       248108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.061739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.061739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.088649                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.088649                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.116271                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.116271                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.030201                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.030201                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.072678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.072678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.072678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.072678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24650.918491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24650.918491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 33766.916452                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33766.916452                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20377.873563                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20377.873563                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  5111.111111                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5111.111111                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 29171.001553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29171.001553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 29171.001553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29171.001553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13153                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            13153                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         9091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         8941                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8941                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          348                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          348                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        18032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        18032                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18032                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data          401                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          401                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    215010500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    215010500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    292969000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    292969000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      6743500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6743500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       370000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       370000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    507979500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    507979500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    507979500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    507979500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     26791500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     26791500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     26791500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     26791500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.061739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.088649                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088649                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.116271                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.116271                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.030201                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030201                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.072678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.072678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 23650.918491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23650.918491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 32766.916452                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32766.916452                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19377.873563                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19377.873563                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  4111.111111                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4111.111111                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 28171.001553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28171.001553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 28171.001553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28171.001553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 179808.724832                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 179808.724832                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 66811.720698                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 66811.720698                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            45430                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.997600                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs             713886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            45686                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            15.625925                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   255.997600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1555925                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses         1555925                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst       709813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         709813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst       709813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          709813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst       709813                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         709813                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst        45433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        45433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst        45433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         45433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst        45433                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        45433                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    807264500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    807264500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    807264500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    807264500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    807264500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    807264500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       755246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       755246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst       755246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       755246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst       755246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       755246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.060157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.060157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.060157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.060157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 17768.241146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17768.241146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 17768.241146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17768.241146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 17768.241146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17768.241146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks        45430                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total            45430                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        45433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        45433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        45433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        45433                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45433                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    761831500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    761831500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    761831500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    761831500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    761831500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    761831500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.060157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.060157                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060157                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.060157                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060157                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 16768.241146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16768.241146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 16768.241146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16768.241146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 16768.241146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16768.241146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                       30828                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                       335                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                           12                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                    1872                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                      19624                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                       36                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           9                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                    897                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                       50452                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                       371                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                           21                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                    2769                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                      25944                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                      127                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                  26071                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numPwrStateTransitions                 26                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           14                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    389353821.428571                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   389607614.997232                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           14    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    973091000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             14                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      487895500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   5450953500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                        11719159                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      13                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.21%      0.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   61     12.71%     12.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.04%     13.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  309     64.38%     78.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                     16      3.33%     81.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                      77     16.04%     97.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      1.88%     99.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.42%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   480                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1009                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              138                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.485507                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.653659                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        5965268000     99.53%     99.53% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            27969000      0.47%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      61                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     162     40.91%     40.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                      6      1.52%     42.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      6      1.52%     43.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    222     56.06%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 396                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      162     48.50%     48.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                       6      1.80%     50.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       6      1.80%     52.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     160     47.90%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  334                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0              5774320500     98.54%     98.54% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2905000      0.05%     98.59% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                5224500      0.09%     98.68% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31               77129500      1.32%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total          5859579500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.720721                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.843434                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     169915                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                       169915                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses               163465                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                   439                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                       4005                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts        18856                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                      163465                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                          439                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads             218975                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes            123344                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                 219                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                223                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                        51603                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                      31740                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                     19863                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              10756392.487681                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              962766.512319                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.082153                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.917847                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                            24342                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                 3095      1.82%      1.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                   106820     62.72%     64.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                     162      0.10%     64.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                     37      0.02%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      3      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                   32764     19.24%     83.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                  19683     11.56%     95.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                203      0.12%     95.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite               196      0.12%     95.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                  7344      4.31%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                    170307                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             3728                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          924.066773                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs              75453                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4674                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            16.143132                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   924.066773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.902409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.902409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          946                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          934                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.923828                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1639776                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1639776                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data        28261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          28261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data        17211                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17211                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data          537                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          537                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data          554                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          554                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data        45472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           45472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data        45472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          45472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data         2529                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2529                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data         1910                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1910                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data           62                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           62                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data           42                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           42                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data         4439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          4439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data         4439                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         4439                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     38483000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     38483000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    122973000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    122973000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1422500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1422500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       263500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       263500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data    161456000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    161456000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data    161456000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    161456000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data        30790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data        19121                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        19121                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data          599                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          599                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data          596                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          596                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data        49911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        49911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data        49911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        49911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.082137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.082137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.099890                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.099890                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.103506                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.103506                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.070470                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.070470                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.088938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.088938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.088938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.088938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15216.686437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15216.686437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 64383.769634                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64383.769634                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 22943.548387                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22943.548387                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  6273.809524                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6273.809524                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 36372.155891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36372.155891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 36372.155891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36372.155891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2755                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             2755                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         2529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         1910                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1910                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           62                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           62                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           42                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         4439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         4439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data           28                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     35954000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35954000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    121063000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    121063000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1360500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1360500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       221500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       221500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    157017000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    157017000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    157017000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    157017000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       677500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       677500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       677500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       677500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.082137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.099890                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099890                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.103506                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.103506                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.070470                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070470                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.088938                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088938                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.088938                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088938                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 14216.686437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14216.686437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 63383.769634                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63383.769634                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 21943.548387                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21943.548387                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  5273.809524                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5273.809524                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 35372.155891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35372.155891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 35372.155891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35372.155891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       169375                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       169375                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 24196.428571                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 24196.428571                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             7005                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             167884                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             7261                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            23.121333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst          256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           347619                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          347619                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst       163302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         163302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst       163302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          163302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst       163302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         163302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst         7005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         7005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst         7005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          7005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst         7005                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         7005                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    109337500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    109337500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    109337500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    109337500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    109337500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    109337500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst       170307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       170307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst       170307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       170307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst       170307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       170307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.041132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.041132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.041132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.041132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.041132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.041132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 15608.493933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15608.493933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 15608.493933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15608.493933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 15608.493933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15608.493933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         7005                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             7005                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         7005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         7005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         7005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    102332500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102332500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    102332500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    102332500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    102332500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    102332500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.041132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.041132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.041132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14608.493933                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14608.493933                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14608.493933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14608.493933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14608.493933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14608.493933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  87                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   724992                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         90                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  619                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 619                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               23122                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              23122                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        45372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        45372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   47482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          572                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          405                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         1877                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       725232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       725232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   727109                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy               195501                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                21000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               31500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              924501                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy              640500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy            72109778                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1644000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            22716000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                22686                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      32                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                22718                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           32                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               204174                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              204174                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        22686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             22686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        22686                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            22686                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      3533985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3533985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2680920793                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   2680920793                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2684454778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   2684454778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2684454778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   2684454778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        22686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           22686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        22686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          22686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117799.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117799.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 118331.602798                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118331.602798                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 118330.899145                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118330.899145                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 118330.899145                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118330.899145                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          9610                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4736                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     2.029139                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           22656                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                22656                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        22686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        22686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      2033985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2033985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1547350005                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1547350005                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1549383990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1549383990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1549383990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1549383990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67799.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67799.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 68297.581435                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68297.581435                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 68296.922772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68296.922772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 68296.922772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68296.922772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     27340                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32633.461883                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4281928                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     60108                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     71.237240                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1668.437126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      2852.581671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     13716.129713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst       867.755641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data      1558.538535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst      3077.664464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data      4991.180370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst      1240.903809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data      2660.270555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.050917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.087054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.418583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.026482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.047563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.093923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.152319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.037869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.081185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          869                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7719                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        19283                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4889                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  64634444                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 64634444                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        40356                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            40356                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        69455                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            69455                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               35                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data               10                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data               28                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data               16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   89                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data             10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data              7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 32                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data              7796                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data                59                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data              5446                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data               330                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 13631                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst          21337                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst           5080                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst          42714                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst           6809                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              75940                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          6082                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data          1330                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data          6968                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data          1929                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             16309                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                21337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                13878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                 5080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data                 1389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                42714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data                12414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                 6809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data                 2259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   105880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst               21337                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               13878                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                5080                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data                1389                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst               42714                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data               12414                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                6809                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data                2259                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  105880                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data              3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data              7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data              5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total                1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            9413                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data            1825                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data            2728                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data            1396                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               15362                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         2012                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst          966                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst         2718                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst          196                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             5892                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         4752                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data          312                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data         1320                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data          104                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            6488                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               2012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              14165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst                966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data               2137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst               2718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data               4048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data               1500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  27742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              2012                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             14165                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst               966                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data              2137                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst              2718                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data              4048                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst               196                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data              1500                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 27742                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        30500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        58000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       172000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        59000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       319500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        28500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        28500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    776117000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    152621500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    220712500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    114109500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1263560500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    176532500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     83978000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    239371500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     18059000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    517941000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    406109500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     30404500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    130741000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     11910500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    579165500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    176532500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1182226500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     83978000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    183026000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    239371500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data    351453500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     18059000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data    126020000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       2360667000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    176532500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1182226500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     83978000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    183026000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    239371500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data    351453500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     18059000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data    126020000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      2360667000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        40356                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        40356                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        69455                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        69455                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           36                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           35                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              105                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         17209                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data          1884                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data          8174                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data          1726                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             28993                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        23349                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         6046                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst        45432                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst         7005                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          81832                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        10834                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1642                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data         8288                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data         2033                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         22797                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst            23349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            28043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             6046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data             3526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst            45432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data            16462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             7005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data             3759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               133622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst           23349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           28043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            6046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data            3526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst           45432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data           16462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            7005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data            3759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              133622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027778                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.230769                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.200000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.152381                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.125000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.030303                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.546981                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.968684                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.333741                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.808806                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.529852                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.086171                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.159775                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.059826                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.027980                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.072001                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.438619                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.190012                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.159266                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.051156                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.284599                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.086171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.505117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.159775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.606069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.059826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.245900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.027980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.399042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.207616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.086171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.505117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.159775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.606069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.059826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.245900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.027980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.399042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.207616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        30500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19333.333333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24571.428571                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        11800                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19968.750000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        28500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        28500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82451.609476                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 83628.219178                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 80906.341642                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 81740.329513                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82252.343445                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87739.811133                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 86933.747412                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 88068.984547                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 92137.755102                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87905.804481                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85460.753367                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 97450.320513                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 99046.212121                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 114524.038462                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89267.185573                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87739.811133                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83461.101306                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 86933.747412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 85646.233037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 88068.984547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 86821.516798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 92137.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 84013.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85093.612573                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87739.811133                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83461.101306                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 86933.747412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 85646.233037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 88068.984547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 86821.516798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 92137.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 84013.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85093.612573                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                15450                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     15450                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           63                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            63                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            16                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9413                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1825                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         2728                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         1396                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          15362                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2012                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          966                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         2718                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          196                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         5892                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4752                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          312                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         1320                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          104                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         6488                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          2012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         14165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          2137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          2718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          4048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          1500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             27742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2012                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         2718                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         4048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         1500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            27742                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           22                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data          600                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data           26                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data          401                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data           28                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1055                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        58500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       131500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        99500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       310000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        18500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    681987000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    134371500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    193432500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    100149500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1109940500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    156412500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     74318000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    212191500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     16099000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    459021000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    358589500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     27284500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    117541000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     10870500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    514285500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    156412500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1040576500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     74318000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    161656000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    212191500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    310973500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     16099000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    111020000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2083247000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    156412500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1040576500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     74318000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    161656000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    212191500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    310973500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     16099000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    111020000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2083247000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     98274000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       626000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     24929000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       627500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    124456500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     98274000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       626000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     24929000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       627500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    124456500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027778                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.230769                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.152381                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.125000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030303                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.546981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.968684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.333741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.808806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.529852                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.086171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.159775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.059826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.027980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.438619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.190012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.159266                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.051156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.284599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.086171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.505117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.159775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.606069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.059826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.245900                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.027980                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.399042                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.207616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.086171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.505117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.159775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.606069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.059826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.245900                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.027980                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.399042                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.207616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 18785.714286                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        19900                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19375                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        18500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72451.609476                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 73628.219178                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 70906.341642                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 71740.329513                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72252.343445                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77739.811133                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76933.747412                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 78068.984547                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 82137.755102                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77905.804481                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75460.753367                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 87450.320513                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 89046.212121                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 104524.038462                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79267.185573                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77739.811133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73461.101306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76933.747412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75646.233037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 78068.984547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 76821.516798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 82137.755102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 74013.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75093.612573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77739.811133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73461.101306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76933.747412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75646.233037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 78068.984547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 76821.516798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 82137.755102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 74013.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75093.612573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227486.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       156500                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 167308.724832                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       156875                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 211301.358234                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data       163790                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 24076.923077                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 62167.082294                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 22410.714286                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 117968.246445                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         99598                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        51118                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           37                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 589                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              12999                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                466                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               466                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        38106                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            10210                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              618                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            203                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             15385                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            15346                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         12410                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         22656                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         1913                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        45372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        45372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        81942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        84052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 129424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1877                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1381632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1383509                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2108501                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             2770                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                        960                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             52327                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.037266                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.189414                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   50377     96.27%     96.27% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    1950      3.73%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               52327                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             1813998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           175136232                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            2086400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy           92923250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       274135                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       127701                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        29262                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           2693                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2275                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          418                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                589                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            108727                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               466                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              466                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        55806                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        81835                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           25172                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             691                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           235                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            926                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            29628                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           29628                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         81839                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        26299                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         1920                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp           16                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        70054                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        87316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        18142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        11885                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       136295                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        53225                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        21015                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        12119                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                410051                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1494432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1590436                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       387008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       202972                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2907584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       949513                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       448320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       208588                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                8188853                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           34238                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    627008                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           169007                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.229570                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.639052                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 144853     85.71%     85.71% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  14418      8.53%     94.24% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                   4837      2.86%     97.10% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                   4889      2.89%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                     10      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             169007                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          198923500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy            45984                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          23366972                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          29832454                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy           6061972                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy           4373971                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy          45450465                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy          18543979                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy           7012984                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy           4498961                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5938849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
