
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.445068                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2445067553500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2445067553500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 204509                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   204509                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5463362857                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 738156                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   447.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    91525878                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      91525878                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst         1373952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        23356128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::tsunami.ide         4032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           24734112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      1373952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1373952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     18848224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        18848224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst            42936                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data           729879                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::tsunami.ide           126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              772941                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        589007                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             589007                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             561928                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data            9552345                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::tsunami.ide            1649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              10115922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        561928                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           561928                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         7708672                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              7708672                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         7708672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            561928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data           9552345                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::tsunami.ide           1649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             17824594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      772941                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     589007                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    772941                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   589007                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               49449472                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   18752                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                26491584                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                24734112                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             18848224                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    293                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                175053                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             48031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             47548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             45504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             46212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             48443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             49357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             45634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             47716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             49081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             47561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            47718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            51706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            52640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            50821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            47243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            47433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             25695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             26399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             24721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             25872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             26147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             27265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             25092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             25677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             24874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             25286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            25804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            27091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            26538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            25503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            25476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            26491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                        56                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2445063975500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                772941                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5               589007                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  772518                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                      13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                      17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                      28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   5186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   6323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  24716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  24377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  24300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  24709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  24826                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  24915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  26217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  25143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  25039                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  25994                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  24830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  24791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  24682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  24528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  24104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  24030                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    353                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    297                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    306                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                    231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                    214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                    233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                    210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                    202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                    181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                    162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                    146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                    128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                    111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                    113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                    113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                    114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                    102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                     91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                     78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                     76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                     94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                    153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                    167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                     95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                     84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                     69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       185736                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    408.864883                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   232.808005                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   389.150125                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        58989     31.76%     31.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        38252     20.59%     52.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        15523      8.36%     60.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9685      5.21%     65.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6989      3.76%     69.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         5017      2.70%     72.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         4947      2.66%     75.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         5414      2.91%     77.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        40920     22.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       185736                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        23830                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      32.422535                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    535.010551                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047        23827     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18432-20479            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::47104-49151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::63488-65535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         23830                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        23830                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.370164                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.971632                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      5.580137                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         18577     77.96%     77.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19          4063     17.05%     95.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            39      0.16%     95.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            16      0.07%     95.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            19      0.08%     95.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           394      1.65%     96.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            58      0.24%     97.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            11      0.05%     97.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           214      0.90%     98.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            33      0.14%     98.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            52      0.22%     98.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            27      0.11%     98.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           173      0.73%     99.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            18      0.08%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-45             4      0.02%     99.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46-47             9      0.04%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            10      0.04%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-53             2      0.01%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::54-55             7      0.03%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-57             4      0.02%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::58-59             1      0.00%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::60-61             6      0.03%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::62-63             3      0.01%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-65             6      0.03%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::66-67             4      0.02%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            12      0.05%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::70-71             1      0.00%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::72-73             5      0.02%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::74-75             6      0.03%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::76-77             3      0.01%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::78-79             2      0.01%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            10      0.04%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::82-83             2      0.01%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::84-85             2      0.01%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::86-87             3      0.01%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::88-89             3      0.01%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::90-91             5      0.02%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::92-93             3      0.01%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::94-95             7      0.03%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::96-97             1      0.00%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::98-99             6      0.03%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            2      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::102-103            2      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::106-107            1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::112-113            3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::114-115            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         23830                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  13436383507                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             27923533507                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 3863240000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     17390.05                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                36140.05                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        20.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        10.83                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     10.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      7.71                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.72                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   679830                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  321012                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 87.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                77.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1795269.70                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    84.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                663827220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                352832535                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              2702097300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1079850960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         14177900880.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          15604956690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy            825236640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     30963114780                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     17456011680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     553156150200                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           636987150315                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            260.519244                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2408684863000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1391072000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    6023058000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 2295325638500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  45458414000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   28968075250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  67901295750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                662334960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                352035585                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              2814609420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1080868860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         12566314800.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          15206099760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy            716477760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     28001068170                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     14756583360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     556243341960                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           632405037435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            258.645221                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2409839912251                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1158740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    5336394000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 2310008777000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  38428545750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   28728965499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  61406131251                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     16011666                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      12438                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                            98                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   817029                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     8864545                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      1307                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                          169                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  324494                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     24876211                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      13745                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                           267                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  1141523                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     5652207                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      6043                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            1                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 5658250                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numPwrStateTransitions               14344                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          7172                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean     306733121.583938                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev    450356003.619292                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         7172    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       232500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2000000000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            7172                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    245177605500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2199889948000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       4890135107                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     7172                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::cserve                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrmces                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrfen                      1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                   1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                  4544      2.13%      2.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       65      0.03%      2.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrent                      7      0.00%      2.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                196401     91.91%     94.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    5788      2.71%     96.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrkgp                      1      0.00%     96.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      8      0.00%     96.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                     10      0.00%     96.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::whami                      2      0.00%     96.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     6064      2.84%     99.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  559      0.26%     99.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                      235      0.11%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 213688                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     236326                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              6758                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1965                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                2356                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                2050                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1965                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                    85                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.303344                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.036078                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.370070                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       181948840500      7.44%      7.44% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           8352236000      0.34%      7.78% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle         2254765447000     92.22%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                     4545                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    82485     40.23%     40.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     117      0.06%     40.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    2463      1.20%     41.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  119981     58.51%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               205046                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     80948     49.22%     49.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      117      0.07%     49.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     2463      1.50%     50.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    80948     49.22%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                164476                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             2359610759500     96.50%     96.50% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                90988000      0.00%     96.51% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22              1076742000      0.04%     96.55% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31             84288036000      3.45%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         2445066525500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.981366                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.674673                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.802142                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.committedInsts                    91525878                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      91525878                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              88530641                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 428730                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     2909748                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     11607479                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     88530641                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        428730                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           120934484                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           66852356                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               178973                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              182003                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      24935337                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    16053219                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    8882118                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               4399779895.998200                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               490355211.001799                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.100274                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.899726                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          15127267                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass               1594826      1.74%      1.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  63093573     68.92%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   185926      0.20%     70.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     70.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  117494      0.13%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                    4179      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 16351892     17.86%     88.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 8806294      9.62%     98.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              157137      0.17%     98.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             149920      0.16%     98.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                1078649      1.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   91539890                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2980288                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.952210                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            21896384                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2980288                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              7.347070                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         168190500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.952210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          777                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         799713514                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        799713514                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     13571873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        13571873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      7736642                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        7736642                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data       292721                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       292721                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data       315272                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       315272                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      21308515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         21308515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     21308515                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        21308515                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      2145394                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2145394                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       812340                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       812340                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        23639                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        23639                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2957734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2957734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2957734                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2957734                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  50593489500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  50593489500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  43375639500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  43375639500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    363861000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    363861000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  93969129000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  93969129000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  93969129000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  93969129000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     15717267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     15717267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      8548982                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8548982                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data       316360                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       316360                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data       315272                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       315272                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     24266249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24266249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     24266249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24266249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.136499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.136499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.095022                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.095022                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.074722                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.074722                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.121887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.121887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.121887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.121887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 23582.376710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23582.376710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 53395.917350                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53395.917350                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15392.402386                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15392.402386                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31770.649085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31770.649085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31770.649085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31770.649085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2477200                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2477200                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2145394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2145394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       812340                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       812340                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        23639                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        23639                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2957734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2957734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2957734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2957734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data        10324                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        10324                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        17380                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        17380                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  48448095500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  48448095500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  42563299500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42563299500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    340222000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    340222000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  91011395000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  91011395000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  91011395000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  91011395000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1566253500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1566253500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1566253500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1566253500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.136499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.095022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.074722                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074722                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.121887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.121887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 22582.376710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22582.376710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 52395.917350                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52395.917350                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 14392.402386                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14392.402386                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 30770.649085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30770.649085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 30770.649085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30770.649085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 221974.702381                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 221974.702381                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 90118.153049                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 90118.153049                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           2495658                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.169295                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            88956431                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           2495658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             35.644480                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       39791928500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   511.169295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.998378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         185576167                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        185576167                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     89043506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        89043506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      89043506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         89043506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     89043506                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        89043506                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      2496385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       2496385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      2496385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        2496385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      2496385                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       2496385                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  35935411500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35935411500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  35935411500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  35935411500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  35935411500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  35935411500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     91539891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     91539891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     91539891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     91539891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     91539891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     91539891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14394.979741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14394.979741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14394.979741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14394.979741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14394.979741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14394.979741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks      2495658                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           2495658                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      2496385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2496385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      2496385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2496385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      2496385                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2496385                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  33439026500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33439026500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  33439026500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33439026500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  33439026500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33439026500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13394.979741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13394.979741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13394.979741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13394.979741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13394.979741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13394.979741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 326                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2836480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        368                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7330                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7330                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               99220                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              99220                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        19964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        34760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       178340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       178340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  213100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        22328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2127                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          202                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9982                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7620                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3827                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        46328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2849936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2849936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2896264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              6139500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               642000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                19500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                19500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy               18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy               18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              199000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            17386000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             1895500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5242000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy               76000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           283304030                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            24436000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            89572000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                89138                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.557533                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                89138                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         2402467436000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.557533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.017423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.017423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               802530                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              802530                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             89170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            89170                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     44563324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     44563324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10470087706                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total  10470087706                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10514651030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  10514651030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10514651030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  10514651030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           89170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          89170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 162639.868613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162639.868613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117779.064367                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117779.064367                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117916.911854                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117916.911854                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117916.911854                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117916.911854                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         36725                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                18962                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     1.936768                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           88864                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                88864                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     30863324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30863324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   6022071856                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6022071856                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   6052935180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6052935180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   6052935180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6052935180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 112639.868613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112639.868613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67742.888949                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67742.888949                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67880.847594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67880.847594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67880.847594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67880.847594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    738197                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32698.305112                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     7970207                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    738197                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     10.796856                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               11473425000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      219.956056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       4791.752256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      27686.596801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.006713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.146233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.844928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.997873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          852                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7717                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        14409                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         9778                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 351260491                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                351260491                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2477200                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2477200                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      2495139                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          2495139                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data                18                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   18                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             381109                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                381109                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst         2453415                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            2453415                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1870064                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1870064                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst               2453415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               2251173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  4704588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst              2453415                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              2251173                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 4704588                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data              33                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 33                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           431180                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              431180                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst         42936                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            42936                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       298969                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          298969                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst               42936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data              730149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 773085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst              42936                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data             730149                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                773085                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       940500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       940500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  37341472500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   37341472500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3933272500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   3933272500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  25898278000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  25898278000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    3933272500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   63239750500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      67173023000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3933272500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  63239750500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     67173023000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2477200                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2477200                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      2495139                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      2495139                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data            51                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               51                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         812289                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            812289                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst      2496351                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        2496351                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      2169033                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       2169033                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           2496351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           2981322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              5477673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          2496351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          2981322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             5477673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.647059                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.647059                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.530821                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.530821                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.017200                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.017200                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.137835                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.137835                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.017200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.244908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.141134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.017200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.244908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.141134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        28500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        28500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86602.979034                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86602.979034                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 91607.799981                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91607.799981                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86625.295599                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86625.295599                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 91607.799981                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86612.116842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86889.569711                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 91607.799981                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86612.116842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86889.569711                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               500143                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    500143                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           23                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            23                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           33                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            33                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       431180                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         431180                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        42936                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        42936                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       298969                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       298969                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          42936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         730149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            773085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         42936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        730149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           773085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data        10324                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        10324                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        17380                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        17380                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       610500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       610500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  33029672500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33029672500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3503912500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3503912500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  22908588000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22908588000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3503912500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  55938260500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  59442173000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3503912500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  55938260500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  59442173000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1478053500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1478053500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1478053500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1478053500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.647059                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.647059                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.530821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.530821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.017200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.137835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.017200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.244908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.141134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.017200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.244908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.141134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76602.979034                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76602.979034                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81607.799981                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81607.799981                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76625.295599                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76625.295599                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81607.799981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76612.116842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76889.569711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81607.799981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76612.116842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76889.569711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 209474.702381                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 209474.702381                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 85043.354430                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 85043.354430                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       1688343                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       829366                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          577                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7056                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             349235                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              10324                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             10324                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       589007                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           236992                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               95                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            431118                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           431118                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        342179                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         88896                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         3102                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       178434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       178434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        34760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2282794                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      2317554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2495988                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2847680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2847680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        46328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     40734656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     40780984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                43628664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             3458                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                      11392                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            879668                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.004181                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.064526                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  875990     99.58%     99.58% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    3678      0.42%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              879668                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            31655000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          2866568662                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            4122578                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         2559115503                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     10953704                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      5476016                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1854                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1682                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1682                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               7056                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           4672622                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             10324                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            10324                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2977343                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      2495658                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          741142                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              51                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             51                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           812289                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          812289                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       2496385                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2169184                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         3319                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7488394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      8977942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              16466336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    159744288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    174723768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              334468056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          741849                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  16010400                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          6236805                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000567                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.023814                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                6233266     99.94%     99.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   3539      0.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            6236805                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         7977133000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           196403                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        2496385000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        2993565500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2445067553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.005285                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  5284768000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2450352321500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               10547879                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 10547861                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              597632060                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 739180                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     8.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    93272973                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      93272973                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          111648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data          430720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             542368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       111648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        111648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       782720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          782720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             3489                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            13460                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               16949                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         24460                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              24460                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst           21126377                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           81502159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             102628535                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      21126377                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         21126377                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       148108678                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            148108678                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       148108678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst          21126377                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          81502159                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            250737213                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       16949                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      24460                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     16949                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    24460                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1081792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2944                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  836224                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  542368                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               782720                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     46                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                 11389                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         3                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    5282591000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                 16949                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                24460                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   16903                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    489                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    740                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    792                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    990                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    839                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    770                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   1044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    801                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    605                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    538                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         3765                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    509.416202                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   299.442306                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   422.188726                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          954     25.34%     25.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          689     18.30%     43.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          272      7.22%     50.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          198      5.26%     56.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           95      2.52%     58.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           89      2.36%     61.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           57      1.51%     62.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           65      1.73%     64.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1346     35.75%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         3765                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          443                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      38.099323                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    169.947927                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           420     94.81%     94.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           12      2.71%     97.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            4      0.90%     98.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            3      0.68%     99.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            2      0.45%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      0.23%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.23%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           443                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          443                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      29.494357                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     26.807360                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     14.497990                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17           127     28.67%     28.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19            16      3.61%     32.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-21             6      1.35%     33.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23             3      0.68%     34.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-25             9      2.03%     36.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            82     18.51%     54.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            21      4.74%     59.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30-31             7      1.58%     61.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            44      9.93%     71.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            25      5.64%     76.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            14      3.16%     79.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            10      2.26%     82.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            38      8.58%     90.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            10      2.26%     93.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-45             2      0.45%     93.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46-47             3      0.68%     94.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-49             4      0.90%     95.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-53             1      0.23%     95.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::54-55             1      0.23%     95.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-65             2      0.45%     95.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::66-67             3      0.68%     96.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::68-69             2      0.45%     97.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::70-71             1      0.23%     97.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::72-73             1      0.23%     97.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::74-75             1      0.23%     97.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::76-77             1      0.23%     97.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::80-81             1      0.23%     98.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::82-83             1      0.23%     98.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::86-87             1      0.23%     98.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::90-91             1      0.23%     98.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::94-95             1      0.23%     99.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::96-97             2      0.45%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            2      0.45%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           443                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    277029500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               593960750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   84515000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     16389.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                35139.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       204.70                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       158.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    102.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    148.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      23.79                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    14571                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   11632                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 86.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     127571.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    87.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 13087620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  6948645                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                51400860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               41331960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         309778560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            283757970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             17609760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy       700325940                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       406806240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        535399440                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             2366493315                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            447.795119                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           4610667250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     29561750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     131604000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2021334500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1059387500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     507023000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   1535857250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 13801620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  7339530                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                69286560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               26872560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         342354480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            278266590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             17775840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy       911409480                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       405312000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        425261940                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             2497761840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            472.634152                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           4625884250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     26868000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     145348000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1573857500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1055494500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     484479250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   1998720750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                       330748                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                       1512                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                            24                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                    75874                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                      259048                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                       269                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                           44                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                   39371                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                       589796                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                       1781                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                            68                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                   115245                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                      427614                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                       846                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                  428460                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numPwrStateTransitions                 102                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples            51                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean     2462117.647059                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev    5529838.700711                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           51    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value     26915500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::total              51                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      5159200000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED    125568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                         10569536                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       51                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   238      5.37%      5.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       14      0.32%      5.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                  3591     81.10%     86.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                      99      2.24%     89.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      2      0.05%     89.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      2      0.05%     89.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      372      8.40%     97.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   76      1.72%     99.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                       12      0.27%     99.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                  21      0.47%     99.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrunique                   1      0.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   4428                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       7155                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               598                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 339                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                  12                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 345                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   339                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     6                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.576923                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.500000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.727081                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         4251777000     80.45%     80.45% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user            820146000     15.52%     95.97% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle            213072000      4.03%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      238                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     1678     42.00%     42.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                      26      0.65%     42.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                       6      0.15%     42.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                    2285     57.20%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 3995                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      1675     49.53%     49.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                       26      0.77%     50.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                        6      0.18%     50.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     1675     49.53%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  3382                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0               4275849000     80.91%     80.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                21017500      0.40%     81.30% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 4443000      0.08%     81.39% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31               983685500     18.61%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total           5284995000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.998212                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.733042                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.846558                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1747095                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1747095                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1681681                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   6148                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       54761                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       177238                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1681681                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          6148                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             2315803                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1222438                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3591                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                3496                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        594596                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      334514                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     260082                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               251135.999952                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               10318400.000048                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.976240                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.023760                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                            247646                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30275      1.73%      1.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1062906     60.77%     62.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     2180      0.12%     62.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     62.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1650      0.09%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                      11      0.00%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                     254      0.01%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   344246     19.68%     82.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  258955     14.81%     97.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2195      0.13%     97.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               2038      0.12%     97.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                  44234      2.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1748944                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             50055                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              561422                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             51079                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             10.991249                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          780                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          18971719                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         18971719                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       303996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          303996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data       225515                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         225515                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data         5603                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         5603                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data         6125                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         6125                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data        529511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           529511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data       529511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          529511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        22100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         22100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        27294                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        27294                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data          669                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          669                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        49394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          49394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        49394                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         49394                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    467862000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    467862000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1163401500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1163401500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     10953000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     10953000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   1631263500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1631263500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1631263500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1631263500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       326096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       326096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data       252809                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       252809                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data         6272                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         6272                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data         6125                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         6125                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       578905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       578905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       578905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       578905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.067771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.107963                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.107963                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.106665                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.106665                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.085323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.085323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.085323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.085323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 21170.226244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21170.226244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 42624.807650                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42624.807650                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 16372.197309                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16372.197309                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 33025.539539                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33025.539539                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 33025.539539                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33025.539539                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        39304                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             39304                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        22100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        27294                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        27294                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          669                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          669                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        49394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        49394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data         1073                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1073                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    445762000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    445762000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1136107500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1136107500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     10284000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10284000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1581869500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1581869500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1581869500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1581869500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    136836500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    136836500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    136836500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    136836500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.107963                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107963                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.106665                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.106665                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.085323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.085323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 20170.226244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20170.226244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 41624.807650                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41624.807650                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 15372.197309                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15372.197309                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 32025.539539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32025.539539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 32025.539539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32025.539539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 224322.131148                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 224322.131148                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 127527.027027                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 127527.027027                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             58965                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.970865                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             1777047                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             59477                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             29.877886                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   511.970865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          205                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           3556860                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          3556860                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      1689972                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         1689972                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       1689972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          1689972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      1689972                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         1689972                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        58972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         58972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        58972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          58972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        58972                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         58972                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1052264000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1052264000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1052264000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1052264000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1052264000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1052264000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      1748944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1748944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      1748944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      1748944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      1748944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      1748944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.033719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.033719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.033719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 17843.451129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17843.451129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 17843.451129                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17843.451129                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 17843.451129                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17843.451129                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        58965                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             58965                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        58972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        58972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        58972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    993292000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    993292000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    993292000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    993292000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    993292000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    993292000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.033719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.033719                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033719                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.033719                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033719                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16843.451129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16843.451129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16843.451129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16843.451129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16843.451129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16843.451129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  87                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   724992                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         90                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  637                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 637                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               23119                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              23119                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           88                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        45366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        45366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   47512                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          121                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          593                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          405                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         1727                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       725208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       725208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   726935                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy               114000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                21000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               92500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              963500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy              639500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy            72144587                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1683000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            22710000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                22683                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      32                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                22715                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           32                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               204147                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              204147                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             22683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            22683                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      3182985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3182985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2777289602                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   2777289602                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2780472587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   2780472587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2780472587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   2780472587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           22683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          22683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117888.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117888.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 122585.169580                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122585.169580                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 122579.578848                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122579.578848                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 122579.578848                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122579.578848                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         12129                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3944                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     3.075304                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           22656                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                22656                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      1832985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1832985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1644001890                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1644001890                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1645834875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1645834875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1645834875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1645834875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67888.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67888.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 72563.642744                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72563.642744                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 72558.077635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72558.077635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 72558.077635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72558.077635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      7131                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 29042.177780                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     2408410                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     39766                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     60.564553                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks             134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       8822.954328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      20085.223452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.004089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.269255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.612952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.886297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32635                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          843                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7777                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        12831                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        11178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995941                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   6990293                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  6990293                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        39304                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            39304                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        58909                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            58909                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              15904                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 15904                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst           55481                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              55481                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          20683                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             20683                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                 55481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 36587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    92068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                55481                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                36587                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   92068                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data               7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            11382                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               11382                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          3489                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             3489                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data         2086                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            2086                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                3489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               13468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  16957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               3489                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              13468                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 16957                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       199500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       199500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    927905500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     927905500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    322261500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    322261500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    204482000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    204482000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     322261500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    1132387500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1454649000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    322261500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1132387500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1454649000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        39304                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        39304                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        58909                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        58909                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data             8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          27286                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             27286                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst        58970                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          58970                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        22769                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         22769                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             58970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data             50055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               109025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            58970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data            50055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              109025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.875000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.875000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.417137                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.417137                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.059166                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.059166                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091616                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.091616                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.059166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.269064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.155533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.059166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.269064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.155533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        28500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        28500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81523.941311                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81523.941311                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 92365.004299                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92365.004299                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 98025.886865                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98025.886865                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 92365.004299                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84079.855955                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85784.572743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 92365.004299                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84079.855955                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85784.572743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1804                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1804                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        11382                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          11382                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3489                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         3489                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2086                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         2086                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           3489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          13468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             16957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          3489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         13468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            16957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data         1073                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1073                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       129500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       129500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    814085500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    814085500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    287371500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    287371500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    183622000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    183622000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    287371500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    997707500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1285079000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    287371500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    997707500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1285079000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    129211500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    129211500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    129211500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    129211500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.417137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.417137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.059166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.059166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.269064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.155533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.059166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.269064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.155533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71523.941311                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71523.941311                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 82365.004299                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82365.004299                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 88025.886865                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88025.886865                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 82365.004299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74079.855955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75784.572743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 82365.004299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74079.855955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75784.572743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 211822.131148                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 211822.131148                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 120420.782852                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 120420.782852                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         69464                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        39783                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           27                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 610                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6212                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                463                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               463                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        24460                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             5354                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               15                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             11374                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            11374                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5602                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         22656                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         9951                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        45366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        45366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        41044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        43190                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  88556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1727                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       600096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       601823                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1326815                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             9978                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                        864                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             40720                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.245039                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.430116                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   30742     75.50%     75.50% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    9978     24.50%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               40720                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             1830500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           118406737                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           10409533                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy           57375250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       218055                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       109031                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          344                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             87                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           87                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                610                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             82378                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               463                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              463                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        41108                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        58965                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           16078                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               8                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              8                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            27286                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           27286                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         58972                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        22796                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         9951                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       176907                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       152354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                329261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3773920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2862079                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                6635999                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           17138                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     58656                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           127217                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.003404                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.058242                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 126784     99.66%     99.66% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    433      0.34%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             127217                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          158930000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy            34485                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          58972000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          50900500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5284768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
