
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.546696                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2546696045500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2546696045500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 136206                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   136206                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             3784413445                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 744300                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   672.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    91658689                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      91658689                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4397120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        23164672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::tsunami.ide         4048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           27565840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4397120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       4397120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     18141152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        18141152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst           274820                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          1447792                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::tsunami.ide           253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1722865                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1133822                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1133822                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst            1726598                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data            9095970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::tsunami.ide            1590                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              10824158                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       1726598                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1726598                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         7123407                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              7123407                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         7123407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst           1726598                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data           9095970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::tsunami.ide           1590                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             17947565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1722865                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1133822                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1722865                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1133822                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              109288192                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  975168                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                34767296                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                27565840                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             18141152                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  15237                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                590566                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            129371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            109149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             99906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             77496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             84828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            102886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            133003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             98465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             96774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            100952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           104989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           125323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           113798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           115654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            89130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           125904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             32370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             36744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             29774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             29046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             31258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             31505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             44342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             32935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             31168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             32476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            32830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            35436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            37591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            33838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            30976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            40950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2546695967500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4               1722865                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4              1133822                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1707368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                      16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                      18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                      21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                      31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                      57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                     35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                     14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   5103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   6142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  33072                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  33011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  33320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  33232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  33194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  33135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  33141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  33208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  33650                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  33397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  33368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  33251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  33130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  33054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  33012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  32875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                     54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       352995                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    408.090449                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   234.205678                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   385.610508                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       112171     31.78%     31.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        69938     19.81%     51.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        30587      8.66%     60.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        20963      5.94%     66.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14270      4.04%     70.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        10043      2.85%     73.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         8902      2.52%     75.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         9145      2.59%     78.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        76976     21.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       352995                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      52.198508                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    294.732452                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047        32699     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            7      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-8191            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-10239            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-14335            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22528-24575            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40960-43007            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         32714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32714                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.605704                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.519835                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      2.028011                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            27180     83.08%     83.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              326      1.00%     84.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             3569     10.91%     94.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              170      0.52%     95.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20              276      0.84%     96.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21              176      0.54%     96.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22              180      0.55%     97.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23              172      0.53%     97.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24              131      0.40%     98.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25              180      0.55%     98.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26               85      0.26%     99.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::27              135      0.41%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28               42      0.13%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::29               17      0.05%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30                8      0.02%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::31                4      0.01%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32                2      0.01%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::33                5      0.02%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34                2      0.01%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::35                4      0.01%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36                2      0.01%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::37                1      0.00%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38                1      0.00%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::39                3      0.01%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40               12      0.04%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::41                3      0.01%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::42                2      0.01%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::43                2      0.01%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44                1      0.00%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::45                4      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46                1      0.00%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::47                1      0.00%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48                2      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::51                3      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::53               10      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::55                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         32714                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  25516849224                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             57534874224                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 8538140000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     14942.86                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                33692.86                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        42.91                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        13.65                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     10.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      7.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.39                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1440027                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  457840                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 84.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     891485.83                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    84.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1103201400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                586354065                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              5962642560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1398824280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         24754626000.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          20414028450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           1209866400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     78844502160                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     25026095520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     544668963960                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           703978948275                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            276.428335                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2498755816750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1582028500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   10496418000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 2260679057500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  65171952000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   35861782250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 172904807250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               1417218600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                753261960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              6229821360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1436883300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         24206981760.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          21432608760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           1010701440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     86290981020                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     20796272160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     541918173120                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           705499498680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            277.025403                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2497049085242                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1044453000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   10252584000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 2253656419750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  54157552500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   38349881508                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 189235154742                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     16038875                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      12431                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                            98                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   817003                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     8879535                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      1305                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                          169                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  324492                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     24918410                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      13736                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                           267                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  1141495                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     5668769                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      6031                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            1                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 5674800                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numPwrStateTransitions               14330                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          7165                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean     306596280.041870                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev    450639135.847228                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         7165    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        25500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2000000000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            7165                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    349933699000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2196762346500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       5093392091                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     7165                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::cserve                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrmces                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrfen                      1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                   1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                  4509      2.10%      2.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       65      0.03%      2.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrent                      7      0.00%      2.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                197590     91.86%     94.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    5948      2.77%     96.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrkgp                      1      0.00%     96.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      8      0.00%     96.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                     10      0.00%     96.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::whami                      2      0.00%     96.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     6152      2.86%     99.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  559      0.26%     99.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                      235      0.11%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 215090                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     237795                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              6832                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1969                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                2335                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                2044                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1969                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                    75                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.299180                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.032120                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.367098                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       255813132500     10.04%     10.04% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user          12237399000      0.48%     10.53% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle         2278642013000     89.47%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                     4510                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    82767     40.10%     40.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     117      0.06%     40.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    2551      1.24%     41.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  120976     58.61%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               206411                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     81230     49.19%     49.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      117      0.07%     49.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     2551      1.54%     50.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    81230     49.19%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                165128                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             2426657910500     95.29%     95.29% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21               131464500      0.01%     95.29% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22              1333441500      0.05%     95.34% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31            118569730000      4.66%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         2546692546500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.981430                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.671455                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.799996                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.committedInsts                    91658689                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      91658689                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              88657307                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 426385                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     2916574                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     11618535                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     88657307                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        426385                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           121104944                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           66951808                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               177818                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              180813                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      24977331                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    16080242                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    8897089                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               4393524692.998275                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               699867398.001725                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.137407                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.862593                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          15148801                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass               1594824      1.74%      1.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  63177134     68.92%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   186383      0.20%     70.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     70.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  117424      0.13%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                    4179      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 16380983     17.87%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 8822566      9.62%     98.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              155982      0.17%     98.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             148800      0.16%     98.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                1084417      1.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   91672692                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           4416672                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2047.790669                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            20516132                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           4416672                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              4.645156                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         265708500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2047.790669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          907                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1091                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          29358977                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         29358977                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     12925269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        12925269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      7000029                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        7000029                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data       279554                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       279554                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data       315571                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       315571                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      19925298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         19925298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     19925298                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        19925298                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      2818732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2818732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1563449                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1563449                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        37102                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        37102                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      4382181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        4382181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      4382181                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       4382181                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  80402947000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  80402947000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  82425477500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  82425477500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    831505000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    831505000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 162828424500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 162828424500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 162828424500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 162828424500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     15744001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     15744001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      8563478                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8563478                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data       316656                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       316656                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data       315571                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       315571                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     24307479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24307479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     24307479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24307479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.179035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.179035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.182572                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.182572                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.117168                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.117168                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.180281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.180281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.180281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.180281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 28524.509247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28524.509247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52720.285407                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52720.285407                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 22411.325535                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22411.325535                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 37156.937265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37156.937265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 37156.937265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37156.937265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3331541                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3331541                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2818732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2818732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1563449                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1563449                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        37102                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        37102                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4382181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4382181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4382181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4382181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data        10412                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        10412                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        17468                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        17468                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  77584215000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  77584215000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  80862028500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  80862028500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    794403000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    794403000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 158446243500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 158446243500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 158446243500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 158446243500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1566034500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1566034500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1566034500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1566034500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.179035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.182572                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.182572                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.117168                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117168                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.180281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.180281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 27524.509247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27524.509247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 51720.285407                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51720.285407                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 21411.325535                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21411.325535                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 36156.937265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36156.937265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 36156.937265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36156.937265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 221943.664966                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 221943.664966                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 89651.620105                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 89651.620105                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           4125292                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1021.167962                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            87462882                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           4125292                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             21.201622                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       91241661500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1021.167962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.997234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          242                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         187471917                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        187471917                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     87546162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        87546162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      87546162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         87546162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     87546162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        87546162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      4126531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       4126531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      4126531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        4126531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      4126531                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       4126531                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  74237536000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  74237536000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  74237536000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  74237536000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  74237536000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  74237536000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     91672693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     91672693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     91672693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     91672693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     91672693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     91672693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.045014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.045014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.045014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.045014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.045014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.045014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 17990.301297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17990.301297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 17990.301297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17990.301297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 17990.301297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17990.301297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks      4125292                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           4125292                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      4126531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4126531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      4126531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4126531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      4126531                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4126531                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  70111005000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  70111005000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  70111005000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  70111005000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  70111005000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  70111005000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.045014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.045014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.045014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16990.301297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16990.301297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16990.301297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16990.301297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16990.301297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16990.301297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 326                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2836480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        368                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7458                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7458                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              188204                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             188204                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        19964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        34936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       356388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       356388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  391324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        23032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2127                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          202                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9982                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7620                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3827                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        47032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2849936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2849936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2896968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              6250000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               638500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                19500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                19000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy               18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy               18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              196000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            17335000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             1893000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5148000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy               75500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           397260073                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            24524000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy           178596000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements               178130                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                1.674985                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               178130                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         2480044961000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     1.674985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.026172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.026172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              1603746                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             1603746                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total            178194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total           178194                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     70244243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     70244243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  20526750830                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total  20526750830                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  20596995073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  20596995073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  20596995073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  20596995073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total          178194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total         178194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 174736.922886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174736.922886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115453.737120                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115453.737120                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115587.478103                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115587.478103                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115587.478103                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115587.478103                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        180759                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                35943                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     5.029046                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          177728                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               177728                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       178194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       178194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     50144243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50144243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11630271504                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11630271504                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11680415747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11680415747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11680415747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11680415747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 124736.922886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124736.922886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65415.044006                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65415.044006                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65548.872280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65548.872280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65548.872280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65548.872280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                   1845458                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 65308.198329                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    14003652                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1845458                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      7.588172                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               15421982000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1817.698515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       7067.961602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      56422.538211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.027736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.107849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.860940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         65413                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          883                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8852                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        16375                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        39219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998123                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  19002840                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 19002840                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3331541                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          3331541                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      4124791                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          4124791                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data                12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             695287                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                695287                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst         3851571                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            3851571                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        2275683                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           2275683                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst               3851571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               2970970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  6822541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst              3851571                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              2970970                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 6822541                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           868150                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              868150                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst        274820                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           274820                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       580151                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          580151                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst              274820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             1448301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1723121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst             274820                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            1448301                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1723121                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  71215659500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   71215659500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  23479287000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total  23479287000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  50199289500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  50199289500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   23479287000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  121414949000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     144894236000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  23479287000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 121414949000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    144894236000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3331541                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3331541                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      4124791                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      4124791                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data            12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        1563437                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1563437                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst      4126391                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        4126391                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      2855834                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       2855834                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           4126391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           4419271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              8545662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          4126391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          4419271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             8545662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.555283                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.555283                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.066601                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.066601                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.203146                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.203146                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.066601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.327724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.201637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.066601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.327724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.201637                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82031.514715                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82031.514715                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85435.146641                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85435.146641                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86527.972028                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86527.972028                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85435.146641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83832.676357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84088.253814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85435.146641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83832.676357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84088.253814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               956094                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    956094                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        81793                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         81793                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       868150                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         868150                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       274820                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total       274820                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       580151                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       580151                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         274820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        1448301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1723121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        274820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       1448301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1723121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data        10412                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        10412                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        17468                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        17468                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  62534159500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  62534159500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  20731087000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20731087000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  44397779500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44397779500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  20731087000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 106931939000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 127663026000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  20731087000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 106931939000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 127663026000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1477834500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1477834500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1477834500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1477834500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.555283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.555283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.066601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.203146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.203146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.066601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.327724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.201637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.066601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.327724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.201637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72031.514715                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72031.514715                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75435.146641                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75435.146641                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76527.972028                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76527.972028                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75435.146641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73832.676357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74088.253814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75435.146641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73832.676357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74088.253814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 209443.664966                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 209443.664966                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 84602.387222                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 84602.387222                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       3731345                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1835366                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          890                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7056                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             862429                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              10412                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             10412                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1133822                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           696208                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              107                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            868043                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           868043                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        855373                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        177792                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         5075                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       356577                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       356577                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        34936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      5097633                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      5132569                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                5489146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2847696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2847696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        47032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     42859296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     42906328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                45754024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             5626                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                       8816                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1918783                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.003109                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.055669                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1912818     99.69%     99.69% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    5965      0.31%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1918783                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            31610500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          4865724983                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            6386153                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         3969353520                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     17087778                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8541988                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         2002                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         276059                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       276015                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           44                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               7056                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           6989425                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             10412                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            10412                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4287635                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      4125292                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1974495                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              12                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             12                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1563437                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1563437                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       4126531                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2855985                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         5412                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          539                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     12378214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     13290717                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              25668931                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    132026928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    124060088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              256087016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1851704                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  15299808                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         10414303                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.026704                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.161244                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               10136240     97.33%     97.33% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 278019      2.67%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                     44      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           10414303                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        12286245500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           285476                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        4126531000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4431539000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2546696045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.009932                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  9932294000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2556628339500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                7246715                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  7246708                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              770558262                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 745324                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    12.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    93408080                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      93408080                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          231920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data          826592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1058512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       231920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        231920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1209360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1209360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst            14495                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            51662                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               66157                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         75585                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              75585                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst           23350094                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           83222667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             106572762                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      23350094                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         23350094                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       121760391                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            121760391                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       121760391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst          23350094                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          83222667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            228333152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       66157                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      75585                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     66157                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    75585                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                4224896                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    9152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1471360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1058512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1209360                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    143                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                 52585                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              3725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              2952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              2944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              6440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              2076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              6361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              3233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              3466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              3087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             3255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             7470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             5986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             6836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             3622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             2962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              2446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              2548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    9932359000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                 66157                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                75585                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   66014                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   1341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   1340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   1357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   1350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   1334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   1326                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   1355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   1457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   1414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   1369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   1344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   1370                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   1299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   1269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        12202                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    466.829700                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   279.554748                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   399.172546                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3094     25.36%     25.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2324     19.05%     44.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1227     10.06%     54.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          652      5.34%     59.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          505      4.14%     63.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          418      3.43%     67.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          335      2.75%     70.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          295      2.42%     72.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3352     27.47%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        12202                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1229                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      53.696501                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     90.230260                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            788     64.12%     64.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-127          348     28.32%     92.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           52      4.23%     96.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           13      1.06%     97.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            6      0.49%     98.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            7      0.57%     98.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            3      0.24%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            2      0.16%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            4      0.33%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            1      0.08%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            1      0.08%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            1      0.08%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            2      0.16%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          1229                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1229                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      18.706265                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     18.275199                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      4.788096                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17           724     58.91%     58.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           131     10.66%     69.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           124     10.09%     79.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            90      7.32%     86.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            79      6.43%     93.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            43      3.50%     96.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            19      1.55%     98.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-33             3      0.24%     98.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-37             2      0.16%     98.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38-39             1      0.08%     98.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-41             1      0.08%     99.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::42-43             3      0.24%     99.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46-47             2      0.16%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-49             2      0.16%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::50-51             2      0.16%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-53             1      0.08%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-57             1      0.08%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::68-69             1      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          1229                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    884757750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              2122520250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  330070000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     13402.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                32152.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       425.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       148.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    106.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    121.76                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     3.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.27                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    56950                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   19852                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 86.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      70073.51                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    86.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 36485400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 19400040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               209416200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               67505040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         686552880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            784064640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             34651680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1954319100                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       674767200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        563168940                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             5030419770                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            506.471090                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           8122009250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     43342500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     291188000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2079423000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1757236250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1475354500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4285749750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 50636880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 26906550                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               261923760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               52502760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         725889840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            802731000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             35366880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2444590350                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       539295360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        359649300                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             5299571640                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            533.569751                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           8079491250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     40626750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     307564000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1314286500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1404378500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1504570250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5360868000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                       330325                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                       1512                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                            24                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                    75874                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                      261030                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                       269                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                           44                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                   39371                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                       591355                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                       1781                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                            68                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                   115245                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                      428513                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                       846                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                  429359                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numPwrStateTransitions                 100                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples            50                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean          3420150                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev    9310402.155023                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           50    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value     43682500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::total              50                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      9761286500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED    171007500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                         19864588                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       50                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   238      5.29%      5.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       14      0.31%      5.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                  3652     81.14%     86.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                     107      2.38%     89.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      2      0.04%     89.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      2      0.04%     89.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      376      8.35%     97.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   76      1.69%     99.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                       12      0.27%     99.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                  21      0.47%     99.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrunique                   1      0.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   4501                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       7232                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               601                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 340                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                  13                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 346                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   340                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     6                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.575707                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.461538                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.725367                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         8192504000     82.47%     82.47% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           1401787000     14.11%     96.58% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle            339256000      3.42%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      238                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     1692     41.63%     41.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                      26      0.64%     42.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                      10      0.25%     42.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                    2336     57.48%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 4064                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      1689     49.47%     49.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                       26      0.76%     50.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                       10      0.29%     50.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     1689     49.47%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  3414                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0               8448902500     85.05%     85.05% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                29256500      0.29%     85.35% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                13277000      0.13%     85.48% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31              1442111000     14.52%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total           9933547000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.998227                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.723031                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.840059                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1749391                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1749391                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1683649                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   6148                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       55101                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       176580                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1683649                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          6148                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             2319355                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1224123                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3591                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                3496                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        596159                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      334091                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     262068                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               342014.999966                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               19522573.000034                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.982783                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.017217                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                            247479                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30332      1.73%      1.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1063156     60.71%     62.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     2246      0.13%     62.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     62.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1650      0.09%     62.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     62.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                      11      0.00%     62.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     62.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                     254      0.01%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   343860     19.64%     82.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  260948     14.90%     97.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2195      0.13%     97.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               2038      0.12%     97.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                  44550      2.54%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1751240                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            100288                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              496872                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            102336                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              4.855300                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         2048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          887                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1097                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            693145                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses           693145                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       283074                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          283074                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data       198277                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         198277                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data         5078                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         5078                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data         6140                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         6140                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data        481351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           481351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data       481351                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          481351                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        42585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         42585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        56495                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        56495                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data         1208                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1208                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        99080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          99080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        99080                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         99080                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1721103000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1721103000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   3263248500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3263248500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     34445500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     34445500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   4984351500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4984351500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   4984351500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4984351500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       325659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       325659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data       254772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       254772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data         6286                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         6286                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data         6140                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         6140                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       580431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       580431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       580431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       580431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.130766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.130766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.221747                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.221747                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.192173                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.192173                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.170701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.170701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.170701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.170701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 40415.709757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40415.709757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 57761.722276                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57761.722276                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 28514.486755                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28514.486755                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 50306.333266                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50306.333266                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 50306.333266                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50306.333266                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        74147                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             74147                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        42585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        42585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        56495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        56495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1208                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         1208                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        99080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        99080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        99080                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99080                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          467                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          467                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data         1077                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1077                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1678518000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1678518000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3206753500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3206753500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     33237500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33237500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4885271500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4885271500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4885271500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4885271500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    136823000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    136823000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    136823000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    136823000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.130766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.130766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.221747                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221747                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.192173                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.192173                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.170701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.170701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 39415.709757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39415.709757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 56761.722276                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56761.722276                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 27514.486755                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27514.486755                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 49306.333266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49306.333266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 49306.333266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49306.333266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data       224300                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       224300                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 127040.854225                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 127040.854225                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             99297                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.974265                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             1735216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            100320                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             17.296810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1023.974265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          490                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           3601784                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          3601784                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      1651936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         1651936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       1651936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          1651936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      1651936                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         1651936                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        99304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         99304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        99304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          99304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        99304                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         99304                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2363585000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2363585000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2363585000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2363585000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2363585000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2363585000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      1751240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1751240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      1751240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      1751240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      1751240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      1751240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.056705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.056705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.056705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.056705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 23801.508499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23801.508499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 23801.508499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23801.508499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 23801.508499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23801.508499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        99297                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             99297                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        99304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        99304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        99304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        99304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        99304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2264281000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2264281000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2264281000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2264281000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2264281000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2264281000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.056705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.056705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.056705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 22801.508499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22801.508499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 22801.508499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22801.508499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 22801.508499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22801.508499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  87                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   724992                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         90                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  637                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 637                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               45779                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              45779                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           88                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        90678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        90678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   92832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          121                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          593                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          405                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         1759                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       725208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       725208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   726967                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy               113000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                21000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               90500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              964000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy              627000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           101052950                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1687000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            45366000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                45339                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      64                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                45403                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           64                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               408051                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              408051                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             45339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            45339                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      3341485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3341485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5394411465                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   5394411465                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5397752950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   5397752950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5397752950                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   5397752950                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           45339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          45339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 123758.703704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123758.703704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 119050.394266                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119050.394266                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 119053.198130                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119053.198130                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 119053.198130                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119053.198130                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         52586                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 7808                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     6.734887                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           45312                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                45312                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      1991485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1991485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3126862844                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3126862844                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3128854329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3128854329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3128854329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3128854329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 73758.703704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73758.703704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 69007.389742                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69007.389742                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 69010.219215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69010.219215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 69010.219215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69010.219215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     65286                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 57138.469370                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     1391914                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    124145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     11.212002                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2007.484475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      14491.046855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      40639.938039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.030632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.221116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.620116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.871864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         58859                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          971                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9361                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        24441                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        23998                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.898117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    472113                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   472113                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        74147                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            74147                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        99248                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            99248                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              20550                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 20550                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst           84807                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              84807                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          28056                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             28056                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                 84807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 48606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   133413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                84807                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                48606                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  133413                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            35945                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               35945                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst         14495                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            14495                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        15737                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           15737                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst               14495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               51682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  66177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst              14495                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              51682                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 66177                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2906189000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2906189000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1224829500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   1224829500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1351215000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1351215000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    1224829500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    4257404000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5482233500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1224829500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   4257404000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5482233500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        74147                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        74147                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        99248                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        99248                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          56495                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             56495                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst        99302                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          99302                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        43793                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         43793                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             99302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data            100288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               199590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            99302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data           100288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              199590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.636251                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.636251                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.145969                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.145969                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.359350                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.359350                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.145969                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.515336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.331565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.145969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.515336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.331565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80850.994575                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80850.994575                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84500.137979                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84500.137979                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85862.299040                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85862.299040                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84500.137979                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82376.920398                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82841.976820                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84500.137979                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82376.920398                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82841.976820                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                30273                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     30273                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         1961                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          1961                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        35945                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          35945                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        14495                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        14495                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        15737                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        15737                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          14495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          51682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             66177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         14495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         51682                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            66177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          467                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          467                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data         1077                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1077                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2546739000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2546739000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1079879500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1079879500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1193845000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1193845000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1079879500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3740584000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4820463500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1079879500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3740584000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4820463500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    129198000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    129198000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    129198000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    129198000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.636251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.636251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.145969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.145969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.359350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.145969                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.515336                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.331565                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.145969                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.515336                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.331565                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70850.994575                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70850.994575                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74500.137979                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74500.137979                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75862.299040                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75862.299040                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74500.137979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72376.920398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72841.976820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74500.137979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72376.920398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72841.976820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data       211800                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       211800                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 119961.002786                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 119961.002786                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        215243                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       118089                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           29                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 610                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              30869                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                467                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               467                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        75585                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            28142                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               20                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             35925                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            35925                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         30259                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         45312                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        14341                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        90678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        90678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       190722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       192876                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 283554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1759                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1542880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1544639                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2269631                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                            14368                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                        432                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            112593                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.127628                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.333676                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   98223     87.24%     87.24% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   14370     12.76%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              112593                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             1815500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           290891275                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           15040488                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy          153075750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       399177                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       199586                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          366                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           8951                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         8949                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                610                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            143710                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               467                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              467                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       104420                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        99297                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           61154                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            56495                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           56495                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         99304                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        43820                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        14343                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       297903                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       303021                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                600924                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3177584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2792767                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                5970351                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           79661                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    484448                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           280325                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.033247                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.179321                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 271007     96.68%     96.68% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   9316      3.32%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             280325                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          287082500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy             3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          99304000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         101131500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9932294000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
