
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.444319                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2444318597500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2444318597500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 199757                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   199757                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5334378555                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 738152                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   458.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    91532480                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      91532480                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst         1285120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        23177312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::tsunami.ide         4032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           24466464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      1285120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1285120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     18784096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        18784096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst            40160                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data           724291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::tsunami.ide           126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              764577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        587003                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             587003                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             525758                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data            9482116                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::tsunami.ide            1650                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              10009523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        525758                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           525758                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         7684799                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              7684799                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         7684799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            525758                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data           9482116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::tsunami.ide           1650                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             17694322                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      764577                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     587003                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    764577                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   587003                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               48912320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   20608                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                27627520                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                24466464                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             18784096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    322                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                155300                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             48487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             48019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             46493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             46902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             47666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             48136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             46187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             47534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             46895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             46031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            47838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            51525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            49524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            48359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            47383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            47276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             27781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             28317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             26446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             27490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             27368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             27924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             26445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             26925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             25404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             25918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            26681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            28069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            26537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            26204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            26907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            27264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                        58                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2444315163500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                764577                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5               587003                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  764128                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                      10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                      10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                      24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                      13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   5837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   6919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  25746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  25440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  25304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  25690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  25795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  25989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  27304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  26100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  26109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  26960                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  25812                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  25820                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  25652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  25568                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  25168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  25038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                    211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                    257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                    260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                    212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                    207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                    207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                    190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                    151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                    154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                    137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                    132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                    127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                    130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                    130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                    138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                    117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                     99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                     95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                     94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                    125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                    157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                    103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                     82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       195707                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    391.094033                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   219.480482                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   384.930133                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        66573     34.02%     34.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        41029     20.96%     54.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14715      7.52%     62.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10038      5.13%     67.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6889      3.52%     71.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         5908      3.02%     74.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         5016      2.56%     76.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         4682      2.39%     79.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        40857     20.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       195707                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        24859                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      30.742669                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    548.546959                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047        24856     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20480-22527            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::51200-53247            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::63488-65535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         24859                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        24859                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.365139                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.978009                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      5.524427                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         23677     95.25%     95.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-23            54      0.22%     95.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           417      1.68%     97.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-31            59      0.24%     97.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           242      0.97%     98.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-39            79      0.32%     98.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           181      0.73%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            24      0.10%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-51            13      0.05%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-55             9      0.04%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-59             5      0.02%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::60-63             4      0.02%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            11      0.04%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::68-71            16      0.06%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            15      0.06%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::76-79             4      0.02%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            14      0.06%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::84-87             2      0.01%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::88-91            11      0.04%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::92-95             7      0.03%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::96-99             2      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            4      0.02%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            2      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::108-111            2      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::112-115            3      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::116-119            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::132-135            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         24859                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  13103755315                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             27433536565                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 3821275000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     17145.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                35895.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        20.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        11.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     10.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      7.68                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      23.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   676093                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  324135                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 88.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                75.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1808487.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    83.63                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                713314560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                379135680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              2709087360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1141593120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         13632715200.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          15125100480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy            755826240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     30109869240                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     16457931360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     554253543060                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           635283503400                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            259.902086                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2409168120500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1282888750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    5791754000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 2300279544750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  42859268249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   28074988500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  66030153251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                684033420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                363572385                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              2747693340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1111776480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         12197530800.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          14886073830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy            680763360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     27049973580                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     14210354400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     557068153620                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           631004364675                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            258.151440                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2409889191500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1135671000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    5180526000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 2313564786000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  37006128500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   28111489000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  59319997000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     16011512                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      12438                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                            98                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   817029                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     8865441                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      1307                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                          169                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  324494                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     24876953                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      13745                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                           267                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  1141523                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     5652181                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      6043                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            1                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 5658224                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numPwrStateTransitions               14344                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          7172                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean     306741845.370887                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev    450359088.047762                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         7172    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        49000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2000000000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            7172                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    244366082500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2199952515000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       4888637195                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     7172                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::cserve                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrmces                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrfen                      1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                   1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                  4541      2.12%      2.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       65      0.03%      2.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrent                      7      0.00%      2.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                196420     91.91%     94.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    5788      2.71%     96.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrkgp                      1      0.00%     96.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      8      0.00%     96.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                     10      0.00%     96.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::whami                      2      0.00%     96.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     6063      2.84%     99.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  559      0.26%     99.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                      235      0.11%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 213703                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     236340                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              6758                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1967                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                2352                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                2050                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1967                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                    83                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.303344                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.035289                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.370136                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       181425334500      7.42%      7.42% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           8153278000      0.33%      7.76% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle         2254738967000     92.24%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                     4542                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    82493     40.23%     40.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     117      0.06%     40.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    2462      1.20%     41.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  119991     58.51%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               205063                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     80956     49.22%     49.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      117      0.07%     49.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     2462      1.50%     50.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    80956     49.22%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                164491                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             2358866588000     96.50%     96.50% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                90606000      0.00%     96.51% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22              1074674000      0.04%     96.55% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31             84285713500      3.45%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         2444317581500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.981368                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.674684                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.802149                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.committedInsts                    91532480                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      91532480                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              88536716                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 428529                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     2910370                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     11608477                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     88536716                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        428529                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           120945239                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           66856591                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               178874                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              181901                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      24936054                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    16053050                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    8883004                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               4399905029.998199                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               488732165.001800                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.099973                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.900027                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          15129336                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass               1594882      1.74%      1.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  63099374     68.93%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   185909      0.20%     70.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     70.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  117488      0.13%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                    4179      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 16351836     17.86%     88.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 8807276      9.62%     98.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              157038      0.17%     98.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             149824      0.16%     98.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                1078686      1.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   91546492                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2979967                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.952197                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            21887837                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2979967                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              7.344993                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         168190500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.952197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          770                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         799736169                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        799736169                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     13571615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        13571615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      7737904                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        7737904                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data       292754                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       292754                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data       315273                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       315273                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      21309519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         21309519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     21309519                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        21309519                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      2145481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2145481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       811964                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       811964                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        23608                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        23608                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2957445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2957445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2957445                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2957445                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  50249194000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  50249194000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  43104269000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  43104269000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    362132000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    362132000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  93353463000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  93353463000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  93353463000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  93353463000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     15717096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     15717096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      8549868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8549868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data       316362                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       316362                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data       315273                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       315273                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     24266964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24266964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     24266964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24266964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.136506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.136506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.094968                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.094968                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.074623                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.074623                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.121871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.121871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.121871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.121871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 23420.945699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23420.945699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 53086.428709                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53086.428709                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15339.376483                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15339.376483                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31565.578734                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31565.578734                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31565.578734                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31565.578734                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2479508                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2479508                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2145481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2145481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       811964                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       811964                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        23608                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        23608                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2957445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2957445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2957445                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2957445                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data        10323                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        10323                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        17379                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        17379                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  48103713000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  48103713000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  42292305000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42292305000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    338524000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    338524000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  90396018000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  90396018000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  90396018000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  90396018000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1566258000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1566258000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1566258000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1566258000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.136506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.094968                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.094968                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.074623                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074623                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.121871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.121871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 22420.945699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22420.945699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 52086.428709                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52086.428709                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 14339.376483                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14339.376483                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 30565.578734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30565.578734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 30565.578734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30565.578734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 221975.340136                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 221975.340136                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 90123.597445                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 90123.597445                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           2496711                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.168747                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            88946713                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           2496711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             35.625554                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       39800138500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   511.168747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.998376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          292                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         185590424                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        185590424                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     89049055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        89049055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      89049055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         89049055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     89049055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        89049055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      2497438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       2497438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      2497438                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        2497438                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      2497438                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       2497438                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  35734921500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35734921500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  35734921500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  35734921500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  35734921500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  35734921500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     91546493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     91546493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     91546493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     91546493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     91546493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     91546493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14308.632086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14308.632086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14308.632086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14308.632086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14308.632086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14308.632086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks      2496711                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           2496711                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      2497438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2497438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      2497438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2497438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      2497438                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2497438                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  33237483500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33237483500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  33237483500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33237483500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  33237483500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33237483500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13308.632086                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13308.632086                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13308.632086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13308.632086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13308.632086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13308.632086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 326                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2836480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        368                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7330                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7330                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               99219                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              99219                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        19964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        34758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       178340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       178340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  213098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        22320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2127                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          202                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9982                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7620                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3827                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        46320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2849936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2849936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2896256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              6138500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               642000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                19500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                19500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy               18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy               18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              200000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            17386500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             1895500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5244500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy               76000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           283257782                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            24435000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            89572000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                89138                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.547849                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                89138                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         2402471276000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.547849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.017120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.017120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               802530                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              802530                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             89170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            89170                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     43806329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     43806329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10472336453                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total  10472336453                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10516142782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  10516142782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10516142782                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  10516142782                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           89170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          89170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 159877.113139                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159877.113139                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117804.360747                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117804.360747                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117933.641157                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117933.641157                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117933.641157                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117933.641157                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         36614                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                19002                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     1.926850                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           88864                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                88864                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        89170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     30106329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30106329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   6024321063                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6024321063                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   6054427392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6054427392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   6054427392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6054427392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 109877.113139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109877.113139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67768.190504                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67768.190504                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67897.582057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67897.582057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67897.582057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67897.582057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    729885                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32698.343106                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     7890901                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    729885                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     10.811157                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               11384677000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      205.241808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       4805.231266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      27687.870032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.006263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.146644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.844967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.997874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          865                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7640                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        13394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        10852                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                1402906443                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses               1402906443                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2479508                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2479508                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      2496194                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          2496194                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data                18                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   18                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             381923                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                381923                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst         2457243                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            2457243                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1874518                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1874518                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst               2457243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               2256441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  4713684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst              2457243                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              2256441                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 4713684                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data              34                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 34                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           429989                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              429989                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst         40160                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            40160                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       294571                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          294571                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst               40160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data              724560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 764720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst              40160                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data             724560                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                764720                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       969000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       969000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  37062465500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   37062465500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3689955500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   3689955500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  25505288500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  25505288500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    3689955500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   62567754000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      66257709500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3689955500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  62567754000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     66257709500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2479508                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2479508                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      2496194                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      2496194                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data            52                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               52                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         811912                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            811912                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst      2497403                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        2497403                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      2169089                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       2169089                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           2497403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           2981001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              5478404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          2497403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          2981001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             5478404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.653846                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.653846                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.529600                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.529600                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016081                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.016081                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.135804                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.135804                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.016081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.243059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.139588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.016081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.243059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.139588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        28500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        28500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86193.985195                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86193.985195                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 91881.362052                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91881.362052                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86584.519522                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86584.519522                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 91881.362052                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86352.757536                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86643.097474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 91881.362052                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86352.757536                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86643.097474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               498139                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    498139                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           22                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            22                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           34                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            34                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       429989                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         429989                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        40160                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        40160                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       294571                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       294571                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          40160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         724560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            764720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         40160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        724560                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           764720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data        10323                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        10323                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        17379                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        17379                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       629000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       629000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  32762575500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32762575500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3288355500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3288355500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  22559578500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22559578500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3288355500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  55322154000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  58610509500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3288355500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  55322154000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  58610509500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1478058000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1478058000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1478058000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1478058000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.653846                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.653846                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.529600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.529600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.135804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.243059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.139588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.243059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.139588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76193.985195                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76193.985195                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81881.362052                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81881.362052                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76584.519522                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76584.519522                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81881.362052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76352.757536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76643.097474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81881.362052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76352.757536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76643.097474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 209475.340136                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 209475.340136                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 85048.506819                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 85048.506819                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       1671686                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       821002                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          575                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7056                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             342061                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              10323                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             10323                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       587003                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           230701                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               95                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            429928                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           429928                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        335005                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         88896                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         3032                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       178434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       178434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        34758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2257771                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      2292529                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2470963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2847680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2847680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        46320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     40402880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     40449200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                43296880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             3388                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                      11392                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            871303                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.004139                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.064199                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  867697     99.59%     99.59% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    3606      0.41%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              871303                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            31658000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          2845896431                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            4034965                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         2530801262                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     10955169                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      5476748                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1851                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1600                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1600                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               7056                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           4673731                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             10323                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            10323                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2977647                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      2496711                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          732205                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              52                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             52                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           811912                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          811912                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       2497438                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2169240                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         3247                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7491552                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      8976979                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              16468531                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    159811648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    174787344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              334598992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          733466                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  15946304                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          6229153                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000554                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.023541                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                6225699     99.94%     99.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   3454      0.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            6229153                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         7979545000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           196403                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        2497438000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        2993244500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2444318597500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.005159                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  5158653000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2449477250500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               10192959                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 10192943                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              563677205                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 739176                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     9.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    93283500                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      93283500                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           83488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data          408576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             492064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        83488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         83488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       783744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          783744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             2609                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            12768                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               15377                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         24492                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              24492                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst           16184070                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           79202071                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              95386141                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      16184070                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         16184070                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       151928032                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            151928032                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       151928032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst          16184070                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          79202071                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            247314173                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       15377                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      24492                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     15377                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    24492                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 983744                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  840640                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  492064                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               783744                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      6                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                 11365                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         5                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    5158813000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                 15377                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                24492                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   15371                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    727                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    774                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    740                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   1029                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    578                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    539                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         3310                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    550.980060                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   334.109201                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   425.008993                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          754     22.78%     22.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          523     15.80%     38.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          255      7.70%     46.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          186      5.62%     51.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           89      2.69%     54.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           59      1.78%     56.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           56      1.69%     58.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           49      1.48%     59.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1339     40.45%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         3310                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          438                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      35.146119                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    288.367926                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           433     98.86%     98.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      0.68%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            1      0.23%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      0.23%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           438                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          438                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      29.988584                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     27.209101                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     14.714129                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17           125     28.54%     28.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19            13      2.97%     31.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-21             3      0.68%     32.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23             2      0.46%     32.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-25             8      1.83%     34.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            84     19.18%     53.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            18      4.11%     57.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30-31             4      0.91%     58.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            44     10.05%     68.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            30      6.85%     75.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            13      2.97%     78.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            10      2.28%     80.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            39      8.90%     89.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::42-43             8      1.83%     91.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-45             2      0.46%     92.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46-47             6      1.37%     93.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-49             3      0.68%     94.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::50-51             2      0.46%     94.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-53             2      0.46%     94.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::54-55             1      0.23%     95.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::60-61             1      0.23%     95.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-65             1      0.23%     95.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::66-67             4      0.91%     96.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::68-69             1      0.23%     96.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::70-71             1      0.23%     97.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::72-73             1      0.23%     97.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::76-77             3      0.68%     97.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::80-81             2      0.46%     98.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::86-87             1      0.23%     98.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::90-91             1      0.23%     98.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::94-95             1      0.23%     99.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::96-97             3      0.68%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::98-99             1      0.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           438                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    233209250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               521415500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   76855000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15172.03                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                33922.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       190.70                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       162.96                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     95.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    151.93                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      23.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    13526                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   11666                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 88.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     129394.09                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    88.40                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 11816700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  6273135                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                48280680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               41462460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         239094960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            263805120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             14662560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy       530818200                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       288774240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        667758420                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             2112841245                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            409.572275                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           4541683500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     25519000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     101560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2625645250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    752000500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     489890500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   1164037750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 11845260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  6288315                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                61468260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               27102240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         259992720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            267924510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             14629920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy       647646540                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       301711200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        593827560                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             2192436525                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            425.001745                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           4532972000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     22493000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     110382000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2327013750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    785715750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     492806000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   1420242500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                       330740                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                       1512                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                            24                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                    75874                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                      260001                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                       269                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                           44                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                   39371                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                       590741                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                       1781                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                            68                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                   115245                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                      427301                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                       846                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                  428147                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numPwrStateTransitions                 102                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples            51                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean     2461588.235294                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev    5526949.728110                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           51    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value     26915500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::total              51                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      5033112000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED    125541000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                         10317306                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       51                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   238      5.42%      5.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       14      0.32%      5.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                  3556     80.95%     86.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                      99      2.25%     88.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      2      0.05%     88.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      2      0.05%     89.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      372      8.47%     97.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   76      1.73%     99.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                       12      0.27%     99.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                  21      0.48%     99.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrunique                   1      0.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   4393                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       7120                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               598                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 340                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                  12                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 346                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   340                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     6                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.578595                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.500000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.728421                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         4172029000     80.87%     80.87% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user            773545000     14.99%     95.87% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle            213306000      4.13%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      238                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     1657     41.84%     41.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                      26      0.66%     42.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                       6      0.15%     42.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                    2271     57.35%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 3960                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      1654     49.52%     49.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                       26      0.78%     50.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                        6      0.18%     50.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     1654     49.52%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  3340                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0               4163641000     80.71%     80.71% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                20756500      0.40%     81.11% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 3780000      0.07%     81.18% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31               970702500     18.82%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total           5158880000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.998189                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.728314                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.843434                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1751020                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1751020                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1685621                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   6148                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       54805                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       178273                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1685621                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          6148                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             2320651                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1224382                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3591                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                3496                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        595541                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      334506                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     261035                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               251081.999951                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               10066224.000049                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.975664                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.024336                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                            248708                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30309      1.73%      1.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1065953     60.81%     62.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     2212      0.13%     62.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     62.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1650      0.09%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                      11      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                     254      0.01%     62.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     62.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     62.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     62.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     62.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     62.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     62.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     62.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     62.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     62.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     62.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     62.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     62.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     62.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     62.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     62.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     62.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     62.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     62.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     62.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     62.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     62.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   344241     19.64%     82.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  259908     14.83%     97.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2195      0.13%     97.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               2038      0.12%     97.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                  44098      2.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1752869                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             50369                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              571639                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             51393                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             11.122896                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          787                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          19002273                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         19002273                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       303914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          303914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data       226219                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         226219                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data         5610                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         5610                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data         6127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         6127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data        530133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           530133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data       530133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          530133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        22172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         22172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        27541                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        27541                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data          664                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          664                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        49713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          49713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        49713                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         49713                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    396465000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    396465000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1172542500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1172542500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     11152000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     11152000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   1569007500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1569007500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1569007500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1569007500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       326086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       326086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data       253760                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       253760                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data         6274                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         6274                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data         6127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         6127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       579846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       579846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       579846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       579846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.067994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.108532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.108532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.105834                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.105834                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.085735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.085735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.085735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.085735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 17881.336821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17881.336821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 42574.434480                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42574.434480                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 16795.180723                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16795.180723                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31561.311930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31561.311930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31561.311930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31561.311930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        40206                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             40206                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        22172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        27541                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        27541                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          664                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          664                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        49713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        49713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data         1073                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1073                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    374293000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    374293000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1145001500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1145001500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     10488000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10488000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1519294500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1519294500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1519294500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1519294500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    136839500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    136839500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    136839500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    136839500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.108532                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.108532                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.105834                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.105834                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.085735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.085735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 16881.336821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16881.336821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 41574.434480                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41574.434480                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 15795.180723                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15795.180723                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 30561.311930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30561.311930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 30561.311930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30561.311930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 224327.049180                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 224327.049180                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 127529.822926                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 127529.822926                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             59033                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.973691                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             1796171                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             59545                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             30.164934                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   511.973691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          196                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           3564778                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          3564778                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      1693829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         1693829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       1693829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          1693829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      1693829                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         1693829                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        59040                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         59040                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        59040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          59040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        59040                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         59040                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    983739000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    983739000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    983739000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    983739000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    983739000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    983739000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      1752869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1752869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      1752869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      1752869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      1752869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      1752869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.033682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.033682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.033682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16662.245935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16662.245935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16662.245935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16662.245935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16662.245935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16662.245935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        59033                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             59033                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        59040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        59040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        59040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        59040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        59040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        59040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    924699000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    924699000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    924699000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    924699000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    924699000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    924699000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.033682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.033682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.033682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15662.245935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15662.245935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15662.245935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15662.245935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15662.245935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15662.245935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  87                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   724992                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         90                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  637                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 637                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               23119                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              23119                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           88                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        45366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        45366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   47512                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          121                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          593                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          405                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         1727                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       725208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       725208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   726935                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy               114000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                21000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               92500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              963500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy              641500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy            72111107                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1683000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            22710000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                22683                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      32                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                22715                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           32                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               204147                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              204147                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             22683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            22683                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      3181485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3181485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2779158622                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   2779158622                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2782340107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   2782340107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2782340107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   2782340107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           22683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          22683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117832.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117832.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 122667.665166                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122667.665166                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 122661.910109                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122661.910109                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 122661.910109                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122661.910109                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         12003                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3892                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     3.084018                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           22656                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                22656                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      1831485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1831485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1645893875                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1645893875                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1647725360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1647725360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1647725360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1647725360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67832.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67832.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 72647.151969                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72647.151969                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 72641.421329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72641.421329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 72641.421329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72641.421329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      5401                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 29134.078371                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     2500756                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     38169                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     65.517986                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      135.174670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       8880.135549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      20118.768152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.004125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.271000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.613976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.889102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          852                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7669                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        12257                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        11975                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  28013458                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 28013458                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        40206                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            40206                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        58978                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            58978                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              15951                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 15951                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst           56429                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              56429                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          21642                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             21642                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                 56429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 37593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    94022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                56429                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                37593                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   94022                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data               7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            11582                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               11582                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          2609                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2609                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data         1194                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1194                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                2609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               12776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  15385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               2609                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              12776                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 15385                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       199500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       199500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    935936500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     935936500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    243613500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    243613500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    123021000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    123021000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     243613500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    1058957500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1302571000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    243613500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1058957500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1302571000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        40206                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        40206                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        58978                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        58978                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data             8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          27533                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             27533                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst        59038                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          59038                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        22836                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         22836                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             59038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data             50369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               109407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            59038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data            50369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              109407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.875000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.875000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.420659                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.420659                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.044192                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.044192                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.052286                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.052286                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.044192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.253648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.140622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.044192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.253648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.140622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        28500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        28500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80809.575203                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80809.575203                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 93374.281334                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93374.281334                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 103032.663317                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103032.663317                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 93374.281334                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82886.466813                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84664.998375                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 93374.281334                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82886.466813                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84664.998375                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1836                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1836                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        11582                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          11582                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2609                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2609                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1194                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1194                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           2609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          12776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             15385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          2609                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         12776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            15385                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data         1073                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1073                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       129500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       129500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    820116500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    820116500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    217523500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    217523500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    111081000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111081000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    217523500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    931197500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1148721000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    217523500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    931197500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1148721000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    129214500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    129214500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    129214500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    129214500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.420659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.420659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.044192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.052286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.044192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.253648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.140622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.044192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.253648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.140622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70809.575203                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70809.575203                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83374.281334                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83374.281334                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 93032.663317                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93032.663317                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83374.281334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72886.466813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74664.998375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83374.281334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72886.466813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74664.998375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 211827.049180                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 211827.049180                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 120423.578751                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 120423.578751                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         66165                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        38082                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           27                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 610                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4440                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                463                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               463                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        24492                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3593                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               15                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             11574                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            11574                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3830                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         22656                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         9977                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        45366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        45366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        36171                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        38317                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  83683                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1727                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       550816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       552543                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1277535                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                            10004                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                        864                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             39148                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.255543                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.436172                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   29144     74.45%     74.45% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   10004     25.55%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               39148                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             1832500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           115170230                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           10431038                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy           52144500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       218819                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       109413                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          341                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             62                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           62                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                610                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             82513                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               463                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              463                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        42042                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        59033                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           13728                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               8                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              8                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            27533                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           27533                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         59040                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        22863                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         9977                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       177111                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       153296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                330407                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3778272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2900991                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                6679263                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           15434                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     59680                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           125895                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.003217                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.056627                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 125490     99.68%     99.68% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    405      0.32%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             125895                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          159797000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy            34485                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          59040000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          51214500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5158653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
