
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.534101                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2534101128500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2534101128500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 221004                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   221004                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             4973184550                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 756844                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   509.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   112613207                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     112613207                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         512528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       16609136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst         107968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data         615424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         507184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data        2917648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst          62720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data         463600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::tsunami.ide         4048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           21800256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       512528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       107968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       507184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst        62720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1190400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     18380800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        18380800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst           32033                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data         1038071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst            6748                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data           38464                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst           31699                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data          182353                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst            3920                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data           28975                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::tsunami.ide           253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1362516                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1148800                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1148800                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            202252                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data           6554251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst             42606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data            242857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst            200144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data           1151354                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst             24750                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data            182945                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::tsunami.ide            1597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total               8602757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       202252                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst        42606                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst       200144                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst        24750                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           469752                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         7253381                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              7253381                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         7253381                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           202252                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data          6554251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst            42606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data           242857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst           200144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data          1151354                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst            24750                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data           182945                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::tsunami.ide           1597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             15856138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1362516                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1148800                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1362516                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1148800                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               87181760                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   19264                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                51675520                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                21800256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             18380800                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    301                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                341355                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             84294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             85024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             86936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             84610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             82321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             85127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             89543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             88398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             82924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             84755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            86234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            84076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            84103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            84415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            84753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            84702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             52941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             51813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             53786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             51934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             50870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             50968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             51463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             53971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             46383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             49032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            47474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            47728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            46732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            48945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            50682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            52708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2534100968500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4               1362516                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4              1148800                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1357913                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    3850                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     221                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                      16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                      16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                      19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                      52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                      45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                     18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                     12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   6996                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   8844                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  49325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  49478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  49861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  49578                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  49362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  49182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  49172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  49175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  49810                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  49628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  49326                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  49307                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  49172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  49051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  49022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  48912                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                    106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                    126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                     98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                    100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                    101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                     92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                     90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                     79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                     70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                     70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                     61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                     59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       365158                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    380.265244                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   209.519937                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   387.895120                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       131531     36.02%     36.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        77411     21.20%     57.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        29655      8.12%     65.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        14137      3.87%     69.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        11091      3.04%     72.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         8257      2.26%     74.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         7029      1.92%     76.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         5609      1.54%     77.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        80438     22.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       365158                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48788                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      27.921108                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    487.237063                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095        48785     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::49152-53247            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::90112-94207            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         48788                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48788                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.549766                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.467953                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      2.074069                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         41729     85.53%     85.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19          5333     10.93%     96.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           515      1.06%     97.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23           403      0.83%     98.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           355      0.73%     99.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           264      0.54%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            72      0.15%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            10      0.02%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            12      0.02%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34-35             7      0.01%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-37             6      0.01%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38-39             6      0.01%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            12      0.02%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::42-43             4      0.01%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            10      0.02%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46-47             4      0.01%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-49             2      0.00%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::50-51             8      0.02%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            16      0.03%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::54-55             8      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-57             5      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::58-59             2      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::60-61             1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-65             1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::66-67             1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::76-77             1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::82-83             1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         48788                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  21478418518                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             47019949768                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 6811075000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15767.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34517.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        34.40                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        20.39                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      8.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      7.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      23.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1218249                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  586236                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 89.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                72.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1009072.92                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    83.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1349702760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                717384030                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              4899846420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             2180634120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         19283715360.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          28584725370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           1064979360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     40460373840                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     21632051520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     560229828300                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           680409823470                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            268.501448                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2468626966251                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1730435750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    8185876250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 2323565156000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  56333552751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   55557850249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  88728257500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               1257539640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                668390580                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              4826368680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             2034150480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         19675855680.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          28419739440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           1063920480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     41261323020                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     22471915200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     559476837480                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           681162972630                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            268.798654                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2468991189750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1727775250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    8353180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 2319985145000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  58520448500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   55028983500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  90485596250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    11654666                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      3106                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  246038                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5666439                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      348                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                          33                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                 108494                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    17321105                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                      3454                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                           33                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  354532                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    2553027                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                     1280                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                2554307                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions              14130                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         7065                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    324367208.421798                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   449393524.560240                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         7065    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       100000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2000000000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           7065                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   242446801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2291654327500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                      5068202257                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    7065                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                 1061      0.82%      0.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 2072      1.61%      2.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      11      0.01%      2.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      2.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               116394     90.21%     92.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   5332      4.13%     96.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     96.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     4      0.00%     96.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     3      0.00%     96.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     96.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    3930      3.05%     99.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 151      0.12%     99.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                      57      0.04%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                129029                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    137105                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5873                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                482                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                481                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                  482                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.081900                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.151534                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      2531048785500     99.88%     99.88% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          3050826000      0.12%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    2073                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   47059     38.06%     38.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     11      0.01%     38.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   2538      2.05%     40.13% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    760      0.61%     40.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  73264     59.26%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              123632                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    46906     48.68%     48.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      11      0.01%     48.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    2538      2.63%     51.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     760      0.79%     52.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   46149     47.89%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                96364                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2435823698500     96.12%     96.12% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               10869000      0.00%     96.12% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1567665500      0.06%     96.18% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30             1087225000      0.04%     96.23% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            95610155500      3.77%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2534099613500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.996749                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.629900                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.779442                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   68388594                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     68388594                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             66069682                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                234816                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    2231764                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      9106832                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    66069682                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       234816                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           89726679                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          50364651                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               81205                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              82617                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     17346909                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   11669514                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5677395                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              4583308654.998191                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              484893602.001809                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.095674                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.904326                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         11760771                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              1397995      2.04%      2.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 48465900     70.86%     72.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  152419      0.22%     73.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     73.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  95566      0.14%     73.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                   2102      0.00%     73.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                11922284     17.43%     90.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                5627532      8.23%     98.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead              70333      0.10%     99.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite             66815      0.10%     99.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                591135      0.86%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  68392081                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          3120185                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         2026.586420                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           14152718                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          3120185                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             4.535859                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        265721500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  2026.586420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.989544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          925                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         20492505                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        20492505                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      9287557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        9287557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      4401501                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4401501                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       211599                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       211599                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       215076                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       215076                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     13689058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        13689058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     13689058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       13689058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      2143880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2143880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      1036795                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1036795                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data        18150                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        18150                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         9793                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         9793                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      3180675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       3180675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      3180675                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      3180675                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  51202254000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  51202254000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  65529238000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  65529238000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    210273500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    210273500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     52768000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     52768000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 116731492000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 116731492000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 116731492000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 116731492000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     11431437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11431437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5438296                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5438296                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       229749                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       229749                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       224869                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       224869                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     16869733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16869733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     16869733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16869733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.187542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.187542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.190647                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.190647                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.078999                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.078999                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.043550                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.043550                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.188543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.188543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.188543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.188543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 23882.985055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23882.985055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 63203.659354                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63203.659354                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11585.316804                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11585.316804                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5388.338609                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5388.338609                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36700.226210                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36700.226210                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36700.226210                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36700.226210                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2667582                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          2667582                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      2143880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2143880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1036795                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1036795                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        18150                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        18150                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9793                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         9793                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      3180675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3180675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      3180675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3180675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         5222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         9917                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9917                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        15139                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15139                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  49058374000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  49058374000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  64492443000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  64492443000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    192123500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    192123500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     42975000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42975000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 113550817000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 113550817000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 113550817000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 113550817000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1189369000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1189369000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1189369000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1189369000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.187542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.187542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.190647                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190647                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.078999                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078999                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.043550                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043550                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.188543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.188543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.188543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.188543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 22882.985055                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22882.985055                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62203.659354                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62203.659354                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10585.316804                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10585.316804                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  4388.338609                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4388.338609                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35700.226210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35700.226210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35700.226210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35700.226210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227761.202604                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227761.202604                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 78563.247242                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 78563.247242                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements          2997447                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.852455                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           65351507                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs          2997447                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            21.802390                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       9473979500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   511.852455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          298                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        139782175                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       139782175                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     65394071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       65394071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     65394071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        65394071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     65394071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       65394071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst      2998011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      2998011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst      2998011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       2998011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst      2998011                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      2998011                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  42370209500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42370209500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  42370209500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  42370209500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  42370209500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  42370209500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     68392082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     68392082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     68392082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     68392082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     68392082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     68392082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.043836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.043836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.043836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.043836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.043836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.043836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14132.773195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14132.773195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14132.773195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14132.773195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14132.773195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14132.773195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks      2997447                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total          2997447                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      2998011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2998011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      2998011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2998011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      2998011                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2998011                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  39372198500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39372198500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  39372198500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39372198500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  39372198500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39372198500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.043836                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043836                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.043836                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043836                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.043836                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043836                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13132.773195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13132.773195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13132.773195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13132.773195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13132.773195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13132.773195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     1207452                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      2253                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                           12                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  118243                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                     698969                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      192                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          15                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                  56482                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     1906421                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                      2445                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           27                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                  174725                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                    1178458                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                     1151                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                1179609                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numPwrStateTransitions               6243                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         3122                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    805833723.414478                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   327013098.513173                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         3122    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    973623000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           3122                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    18288244000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2515812884500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                      5066421146                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    3122                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                   63      0.14%      0.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  344      0.76%      0.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       8      0.02%      0.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.02%      0.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                36805     81.08%     82.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   5004     11.02%     93.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     93.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%     93.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.00%     93.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.01%     93.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    2996      6.60%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 104      0.23%     99.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                      52      0.11%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 45393                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     51659                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              610                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                312                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               2696                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                376                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  312                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                   64                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.616393                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.023739                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.207850                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        7067284000      0.28%      0.28% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user          1752627500      0.07%      0.35% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        2520522100000     99.65%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     345                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   11856     27.93%     27.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   2498      5.89%     33.82% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    143      0.34%     34.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  27946     65.84%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               42443                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    11812     45.22%     45.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    2498      9.56%     54.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     143      0.55%     55.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   11669     44.67%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                26122                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2428971066000     95.89%     95.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1153086500      0.05%     95.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30              170967500      0.01%     95.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31           102915439000      4.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2533210559000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.996289                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.417555                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.615461                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    5673872                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      5673872                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              5434511                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                 21563                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     211168                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       480014                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     5434511                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                        21563                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads            7418937                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           4196539                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               12001                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              12011                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1915358                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1212444                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    702914                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              5029857512.022371                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              36563633.977629                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.007217                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.992783                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           792465                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                54701      0.96%      0.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  3426467     60.36%     61.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   16959      0.30%     61.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   3300      0.06%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                    543      0.01%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1231235     21.69%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 694827     12.24%     95.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead               9137      0.16%     95.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite              8583      0.15%     95.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                230592      4.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   5676344                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           101725                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1758.419839                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            1762829                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           101725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            17.329359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     2495324168500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  1758.419839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.858603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.858603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1689                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1661                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.824707                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2020821                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2020821                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      1128352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1128352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data       632846                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        632846                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        14108                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        14108                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        12514                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        12514                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      1761198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         1761198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      1761198                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        1761198                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data        65329                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        65329                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        49622                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        49622                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         2363                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2363                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       114951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        114951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       114951                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       114951                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1534385000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1534385000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2865036000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2865036000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     35427500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     35427500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     14123500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     14123500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        10500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        10500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4399421000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4399421000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4399421000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4399421000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1193681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1193681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data       682468                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       682468                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        16471                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16471                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        14297                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14297                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      1876149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1876149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      1876149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1876149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.054729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.054729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.072710                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.072710                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.143464                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.143464                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.124711                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.124711                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.061270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.061270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.061270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.061270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23487.042508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23487.042508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 57737.213333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57737.213333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14992.594160                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14992.594160                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7921.200224                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7921.200224                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 38272.142043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38272.142043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 38272.142043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38272.142043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        67160                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            67160                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        65329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        65329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        49622                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        49622                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2363                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         2363                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       114951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       114951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       114951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       114951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         2941                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         2941                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         2968                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         2968                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1469056000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1469056000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2815414000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2815414000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     33064500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33064500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     12342500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12342500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data         8500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         8500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4284470000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4284470000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4284470000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4284470000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      6201000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6201000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      6201000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6201000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.054729                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054729                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.072710                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072710                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.143464                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.143464                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.124711                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124711                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.061270                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061270                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.061270                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061270                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 22487.042508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22487.042508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 56737.213333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56737.213333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13992.594160                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13992.594160                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6922.321929                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6922.321929                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 37272.142043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37272.142043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 37272.142043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37272.142043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 229666.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 229666.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  2089.285714                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  2089.285714                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           406549                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          499.855580                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            5262312                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           406549                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            12.943857                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      97058023500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   499.855580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.976280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.976280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          442                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         11759796                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        11759796                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      5269236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        5269236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      5269236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         5269236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      5269236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        5269236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       407108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       407108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       407108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        407108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       407108                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       407108                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6068917500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6068917500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6068917500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6068917500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6068917500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6068917500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      5676344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5676344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      5676344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      5676344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      5676344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      5676344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.071720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.071720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.071720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.071720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.071720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14907.389440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14907.389440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14907.389440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14907.389440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14907.389440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14907.389440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks       406549                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total           406549                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       407108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       407108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       407108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       407108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       407108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       407108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5661809500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5661809500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5661809500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5661809500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5661809500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5661809500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.071720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.071720                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071720                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.071720                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071720                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13907.389440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13907.389440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13907.389440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13907.389440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13907.389440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13907.389440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     5019673                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                      5141                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                           14                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                  440537                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    3225806                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                      568                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                          78                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                 154144                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                     8245479                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                      5709                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                           92                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                  594681                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                    2855793                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                     2885                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           1                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                2858678                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numPwrStateTransitions              10879                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         5440                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    448603878.125000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   451024389.877438                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         5440    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       125500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    973667500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           5440                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    93696031500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2440405097000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                      5066418985                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                    5440                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                 1421      1.46%      1.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      1.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      1.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                 3585      3.68%      5.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                      19      0.02%      5.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      5.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                80686     82.89%     88.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   5561      5.71%     93.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     93.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     3      0.00%     93.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     6      0.01%     93.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.00%     93.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    5683      5.84%     99.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 255      0.26%     99.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                     112      0.12%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 97346                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    110184                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             8523                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                784                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                784                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  784                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.091986                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.168475                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      2524934638000     99.77%     99.77% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user          5780035500      0.23%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                    3586                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                   34024     37.59%     37.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                    103      0.11%     37.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                   2498      2.76%     40.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                   1551      1.71%     42.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  52343     57.83%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               90519                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                    33266     48.12%     48.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                     103      0.15%     48.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                    2498      3.61%     51.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                    1551      2.24%     54.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                   31720     45.88%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                69138                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2399875238000     94.74%     94.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21               99689000      0.00%     94.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1186971500      0.05%     94.79% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30             1988447000      0.08%     94.87% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31           130059133000      5.13%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2533209478500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.977722                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.606003                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.763795                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   26031083                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     26031083                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             25258932                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                291239                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     785106                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      2652218                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    25258932                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                       291239                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           35254833                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          18996970                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads              144529                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes             147863                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      8287877                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    5045201                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   3242676                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              4879092856.823118                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              187326128.176881                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.036974                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.963026                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          3718403                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               189209      0.73%      0.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 16794461     64.50%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   49489      0.19%     65.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     65.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  21640      0.08%     65.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     65.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     65.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     65.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     65.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                   1513      0.01%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 5027346     19.31%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                3169305     12.17%     96.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead             136468      0.52%     97.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite            131618      0.51%     98.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                515835      1.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  26036884                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           855927                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1271.217171                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            7205352                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           855927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.418185                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     2479385903500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data  1271.217171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.620712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.620712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1682                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1667                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.821289                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          9320937                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses         9320937                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      4444646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4444646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      2604281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2604281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data        51992                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        51992                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data        51103                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        51103                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      7048927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         7048927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      7048927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        7048927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       518585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       518585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       553658                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       553658                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data        23022                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        23022                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data        19206                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        19206                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      1072243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       1072243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1072243                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      1072243                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9505256500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9505256500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  17540060000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  17540060000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    218768000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    218768000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     90564500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     90564500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data         7000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total         7000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  27045316500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  27045316500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  27045316500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  27045316500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      4963231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4963231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      3157939                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3157939                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        75014                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        75014                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data        70309                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        70309                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      8121170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8121170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      8121170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8121170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.104485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.104485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.175323                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.175323                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.306903                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.306903                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.273166                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.273166                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.132031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.132031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.132031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.132031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 18329.216040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18329.216040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 31680.315285                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31680.315285                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  9502.562766                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9502.562766                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  4715.427471                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4715.427471                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 25223.122464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25223.122464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 25223.122464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25223.122464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       668673                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           668673                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       518585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       518585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       553658                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       553658                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        23022                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        23022                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        19206                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        19206                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      1072243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1072243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      1072243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1072243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         1801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         8095                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         8095                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         9896                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         9896                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   8986671500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8986671500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  16986402000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16986402000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    195746000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    195746000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     71359500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71359500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data         6000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         6000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  25973073500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25973073500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  25973073500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25973073500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    370692000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    370692000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    370692000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    370692000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.104485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.104485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.175323                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.175323                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.306903                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.306903                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.273166                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.273166                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.132031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.132031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.132031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.132031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17329.216040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17329.216040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 30680.315285                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30680.315285                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  8502.562766                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8502.562766                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  3715.479538                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3715.479538                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24223.122464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24223.122464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24223.122464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24223.122464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 205825.652415                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 205825.652415                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 37458.771221                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 37458.771221                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements          2306628                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          499.767645                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           23725418                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs          2306628                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            10.285758                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      97605526500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   499.767645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.976109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.976109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          413                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         54381005                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        54381005                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst     23729647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       23729647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst     23729647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        23729647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst     23729647                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       23729647                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst      2307237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      2307237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst      2307237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total       2307237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst      2307237                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total      2307237                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  33228871500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33228871500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  33228871500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  33228871500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  33228871500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  33228871500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst     26036884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     26036884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst     26036884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     26036884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst     26036884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     26036884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.088614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.088614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.088614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.088614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.088614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.088614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14402.019168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14402.019168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14402.019168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14402.019168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14402.019168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14402.019168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks      2306628                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total          2306628                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst      2307237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2307237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst      2307237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2307237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst      2307237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2307237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  30921634500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30921634500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  30921634500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30921634500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  30921634500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30921634500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.088614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.088614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.088614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13402.019168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13402.019168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13402.019168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13402.019168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13402.019168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13402.019168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                     2543109                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                      2086                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                           72                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                   13114                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                    1676622                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                      220                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                          50                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                   5807                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                     4219731                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                      2306                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                          122                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                   18921                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                    1194925                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                      811                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                1195736                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numPwrStateTransitions               7371                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         3686                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    675684705.236028                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   394042139.823833                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         3686    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       170000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    973632000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           3686                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    43527305000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2490573823500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                      5066414504                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                    3686                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                  635      0.71%      0.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1643      1.83%      2.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                      26      0.03%      2.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      2.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                78326     87.04%     89.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   5027      5.59%     95.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     95.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.00%     95.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                    4255      4.73%     99.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  51      0.06%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                      12      0.01%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 89990                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                     96457                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5270                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                400                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                400                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                  400                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.075901                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.141093                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      2530711895500     99.99%     99.99% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user           278068000      0.01%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                    1644                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                   29488     34.37%     34.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                   2498      2.91%     37.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                    808      0.94%     38.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                  53014     61.78%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               85808                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                    28858     47.80%     47.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                    2498      4.14%     51.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                     808      1.34%     53.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                   28209     46.72%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                60373                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2412572871500     95.24%     95.24% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1190578000      0.05%     95.28% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30              962771500      0.04%     95.32% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31           118481017000      4.68%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2533207238000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.978635                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.532105                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.703582                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   12519658                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     12519658                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             12053067                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                 90859                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     511784                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1126733                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    12053067                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                        90859                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           16571434                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           9086870                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               43907                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              45194                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      4240724                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    2555040                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1685684                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              4979390601.563052                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              87023902.436948                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.017177                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.982823                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1837543                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                65225      0.52%      0.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  7659337     61.17%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   27998      0.22%     61.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     61.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   4770      0.04%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                     39      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 2611831     20.86%     82.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1646058     13.15%     95.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead              43688      0.35%     96.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite             42362      0.34%     96.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                420778      3.36%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  12522086                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements           370285                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1910.661231                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            3801916                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           370285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.267540                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     2505496775500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data  1910.661231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.932940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.932940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1906                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1902                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.930664                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4652019                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4652019                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data      2269766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2269766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data      1391051                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1391051                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data        42520                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        42520                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data        43080                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        43080                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data      3660817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total         3660817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data      3660817                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total        3660817                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data       224865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       224865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data       228435                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       228435                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data        15701                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        15701                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data        14458                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        14458                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data       453300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        453300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data       453300                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       453300                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2732455000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2732455000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4127479000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4127479000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    122039000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    122039000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     75588500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     75588500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        16500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        16500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   6859934000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   6859934000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   6859934000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   6859934000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data      2494631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2494631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data      1619486                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1619486                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data        58221                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        58221                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data        57538                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        57538                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data      4114117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4114117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data      4114117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4114117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.090140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.090140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.141054                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.141054                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.269679                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.269679                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.251277                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.251277                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.110182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.110182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.110182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.110182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 12151.535366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12151.535366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 18068.505264                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18068.505264                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  7772.689638                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7772.689638                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  5228.143588                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5228.143588                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15133.320097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15133.320097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15133.320097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15133.320097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       292521                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           292521                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       224865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       224865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       228435                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       228435                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        15701                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        15701                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        14458                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        14458                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       453300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       453300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       453300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       453300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data         4132                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         4132                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data         4162                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         4162                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2507590000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2507590000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   3899044000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3899044000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    106338000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106338000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     61133500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61133500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        13500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        13500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   6406634000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6406634000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   6406634000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6406634000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      5791000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      5791000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      5791000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      5791000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.090140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.141054                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.141054                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.269679                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269679                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.251277                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251277                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.110182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.110182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.110182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.110182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 11151.535366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11151.535366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17068.505264                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17068.505264                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  6772.689638                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6772.689638                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  4228.351086                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4228.351086                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 14133.320097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14133.320097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 14133.320097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14133.320097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 193033.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 193033.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data  1391.398366                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  1391.398366                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements          1515719                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          499.698137                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           11001067                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1515719                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs             7.257986                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      97718490500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   499.698137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.975973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.975973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          458                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         26560405                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        26560405                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst     11005853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11005853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst     11005853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        11005853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst     11005853                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       11005853                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst      1516233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1516233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst      1516233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total       1516233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst      1516233                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total      1516233                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  20714274000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20714274000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  20714274000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  20714274000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  20714274000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  20714274000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst     12522086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12522086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst     12522086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     12522086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst     12522086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     12522086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.121085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.121085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.121085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.121085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.121085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.121085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13661.669414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13661.669414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13661.669414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13661.669414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13661.669414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13661.669414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1515719                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total          1515719                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst      1516233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1516233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst      1516233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1516233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst      1516233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1516233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  19198041000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19198041000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  19198041000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19198041000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  19198041000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19198041000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.121085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.121085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.121085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 12661.669414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12661.669414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 12661.669414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12661.669414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 12661.669414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12661.669414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 326                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2836480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        368                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7484                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7484                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              202877                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             202877                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        33434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        19978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         3654                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        64330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       356392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       356392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  420722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio       133736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2063                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          169                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9989                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio        14596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3827                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       164622                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2849952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2849952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  3014574                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             36449500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               627500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                20000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                19500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy               18500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy               19000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              169500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            17391000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             3621000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5243500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy               75500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           397045159                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            39245000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy           178600000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements               178132                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                1.563812                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               178132                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         2472181609003                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     1.563812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.024435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.024435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              1603764                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             1603764                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide       178196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total            178196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide       178196                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total           178196                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     75102247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75102247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  20548022912                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total  20548022912                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  20623125159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  20623125159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  20623125159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  20623125159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide       178196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total          178196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide       178196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total         178196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 185896.650990                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 185896.650990                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115573.383009                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115573.383009                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115732.817566                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115732.817566                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115732.817566                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115732.817566                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        181443                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                35665                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     5.087425                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          177728                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               177728                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide       178196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       178196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide       178196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       178196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     54902247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54902247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11651778254                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11651778254                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11706680501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11706680501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11706680501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11706680501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 135896.650990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135896.650990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65536.009798                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65536.009798                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65695.529086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65695.529086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65695.529086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65695.529086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                   1305262                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 65337.276937                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    12132613                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1305262                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      9.295155                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               14071669000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1390.697219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      7595.174830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     31132.487686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst        85.433880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data       670.587006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst       277.891402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     19316.766464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst       962.678829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data      3905.559622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.021220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.115893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.475044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.001304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.010232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.004240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.294750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.014689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.059594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         65536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          947                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        36893                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        18273                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses               21105226927                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses              21105226927                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3695934                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          3695934                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      4751398                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          4751398                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             9211                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             1083                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data             8644                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data             6265                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                25203                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data           1349                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            688                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data           1365                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data           1746                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               5148                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            269784                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data             14265                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            355426                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data             75954                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                715429                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst        2965914                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst         400282                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst        2275421                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst        1512237                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            7153854                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       1784602                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data         46643                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data        406563                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data        138416                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           2376224                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              2965914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data              2054386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst               400282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data                60908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              2275421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data               761989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst              1512237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data               214370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 10245507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             2965914                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data             2054386                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst              400282                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data               60908                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             2275421                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data              761989                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst             1512237                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data              214370                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                10245507                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data             87                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data             17                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data              5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                120                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total                1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          713371                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           28701                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          140431                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data           25792                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              908295                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst        32035                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst         6820                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst        31748                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst         3983                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            74586                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       324708                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data         9764                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data        42528                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data         3193                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          380193                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              32035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data            1038079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               6820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data              38465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              31748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data             182959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst               3983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data              28985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1363074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             32035                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data           1038079                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              6820                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data             38465                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             31748                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data            182959                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst              3983                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data             28985                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1363074                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       117000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       116000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        87500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        87500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       408000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        28500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        28500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  59921759000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2567392000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  12241915500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2504416000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   77235482500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2817902500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    589509500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2775588500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    340769500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   6523770000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  27099957000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    879548500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3880943500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    605111500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  32465560500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2817902500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  87021716000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    589509500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3446940500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2775588500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  16122859000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    340769500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   3109527500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     116224813000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2817902500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  87021716000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    589509500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3446940500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2775588500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  16122859000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    340769500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   3109527500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    116224813000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3695934                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3695934                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      4751398                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      4751398                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         9222                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1170                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data         8661                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data         6270                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            25323                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1349                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          689                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data         1365                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data         1746                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           5149                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        983155                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data         42966                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        495857                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data        101746                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1623724                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      2997949                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       407102                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      2307169                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst      1516220                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        7228440                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2109310                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        56407                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       449091                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data       141609                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       2756417                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          2997949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          3092465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst           407102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data            99373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          2307169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data           944948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst          1516220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data           243355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             11608581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         2997949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         3092465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst          407102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data           99373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         2307169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data          944948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst         1516220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data          243355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            11608581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001193                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.074359                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.001963                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.000797                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.004739                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.001451                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.000194                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.725594                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.667993                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.283209                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.253494                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.559390                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.010686                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016753                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013761                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002627                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.010318                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.153940                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.173099                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.094698                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.022548                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.137930                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.010686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.335680                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.016753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.387077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.013761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.193618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.002627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.119106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.117420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.010686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.335680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.016753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.387077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.013761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.193618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.002627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.119106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.117420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10636.363636                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  1333.333333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  5147.058824                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        17500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total         3400                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        28500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        28500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83998.030478                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 89453.050416                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 87173.882547                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 97100.496278                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85033.477560                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87963.243328                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 86438.343109                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 87425.617362                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 85555.987949                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87466.414609                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83459.468199                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 90080.755838                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 91256.195918                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 189511.901034                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85392.315219                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87963.243328                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83829.569811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 86438.343109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 89612.387885                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 87425.617362                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 88122.798004                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 85555.987949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 107280.576160                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85266.693518                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87963.243328                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83829.569811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 86438.343109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 89612.387885                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 87425.617362                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 88122.798004                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 85555.987949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 107280.576160                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85266.693518                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               971072                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    971072                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           72                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           49                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           63                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total           186                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst               2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              49                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data               2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst              63                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data               2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             72                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             49                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data              2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             63                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data              2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                192                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         1637                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          1637                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           87                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           120                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       713371                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        28701                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       140431                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        25792                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         908295                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        32033                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6748                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        31699                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         3920                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        74400                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       324707                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         9763                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        42526                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         3191                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       380187                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         32033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       1038078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          6748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         38464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         31699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        182957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          3920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         28983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1362882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        32033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1038078                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        38464                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        31699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       182957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         3920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        28983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1362882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         5222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         9917                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         2941                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         8095                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data         4132                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        25085                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        15139                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         2968                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         9896                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data         4162                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        32165                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       212500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1683500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       332500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        97500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2326000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        18500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  52788049000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2280381501                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  10837605500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2246496000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  68152532001                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2497459500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    515857000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2454643500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    296190500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5764150500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  23852871500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    781852500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3455527000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    573046000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28663297000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2497459500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  76640920500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    515857000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3062234001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2454643500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  14293132500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    296190500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2819542000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 102579979501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2497459500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  76640920500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    515857000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3062234001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2454643500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  14293132500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    296190500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2819542000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 102579979501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1124088500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      5862500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    348175500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      5416000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1483542500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1124088500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      5862500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    348175500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      5416000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1483542500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001193                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.074359                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.001963                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.000797                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004739                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.001451                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000194                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.725594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.667993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.283209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.253494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.559390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.010685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.153940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.173081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.094694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.022534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.010685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.335680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.387067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.193616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.119098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.117403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.010685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.335680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.387067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013739                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.193616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.119098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.117403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19318.181818                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19350.574713                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19558.823529                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19383.333333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        18500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73998.030478                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 79453.033030                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 77173.882547                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 87100.496278                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75033.477010                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77965.207755                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76445.909899                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 77435.991672                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 75558.801020                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77475.141129                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73459.677494                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 80083.222370                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 81256.807600                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 179581.949232                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75392.627838                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77965.207755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73829.635634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76445.909899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 79612.988795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 77435.991672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 78122.905929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 75558.801020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 97282.613946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75266.955981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77965.207755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73829.635634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76445.909899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 79612.988795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 77435.991672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 78122.905929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 75558.801020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 97282.613946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75266.955981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 215260.149368                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 217129.629630                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 193323.431427                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 180533.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 209539.901130                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 74251.172468                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  1975.235849                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 35183.457963                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data  1301.297453                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 46122.882015                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       3152094                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1617837                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1060                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7080                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             462071                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              25085                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             25085                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1148800                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           319709                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            96780                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          40086                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            913936                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           908078                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        454991                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        177792                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         6157                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       356581                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       356581                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        64330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      4158029                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      4222359                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                4578940                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2847696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2847696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       164622                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     37333360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     37497982                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                40345678                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                           149096                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                       8848                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1715750                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.004206                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.064720                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1708533     99.58%     99.58% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    7217      0.42%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1715750                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            63654500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          4162353015                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            7364665                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         3141901251                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     23828697                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     10316921                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      4583872                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          18357                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        17519                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          838                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               7080                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          10247644                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             25085                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            25085                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4667006                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      7226343                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1086376                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          121766                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         45234                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         167000                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1746744                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1746744                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       7228589                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3012050                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         6660                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          253                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      8993407                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      9462120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1220759                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       327991                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      6921034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2945346                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4548172                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1113584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              35532413                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     95926336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     92216305                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     13018416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2687948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     73820752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     25872053                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     48511024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      8606796                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              360659630                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1827591                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  21596880                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         13498476                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.424851                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.857808                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               10260106     76.01%     76.01% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                1562451     11.58%     87.58% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 855461      6.34%     93.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 820386      6.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                     64      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      6      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           13498476                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        17404114994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           249913                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        3004759370                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3200765565                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy         408330005                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy         118208074                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy        2320400444                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy        1093520012                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy        1524259755                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy         456475306                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2534101128500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.008782                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8782108000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2542883236500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               34307143                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 34307011                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2632230979                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 757868                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     3.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   114460653                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     114460653                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          52128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         446272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst          23776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data          53312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst          62224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data         110432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst           5264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data          60272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             813680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        52128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        23776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst        62224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst         5264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        143392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1243456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1243456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst            3258                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           27892                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst            1486                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data            3332                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst            3889                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data            6902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst             329                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data            3767                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               50855                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         77716                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              77716                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           5935705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          50816046                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst           2707323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data           6070524                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst           7085315                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data          12574657                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst            599401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data           6863045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              92652015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      5935705                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst      2707323                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst      7085315                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst       599401                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         16327743                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       141589696                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            141589696                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       141589696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          5935705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         50816046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst          2707323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data          6070524                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst          7085315                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data         12574657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst           599401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data          6863045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            234241711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       50855                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      77716                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     50855                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    77716                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                3254080                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 2673984                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  813680                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1243456                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     10                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                 35921                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              3787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              4085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              2748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              2134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              2363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              2482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              3646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              4699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              4106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             3614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             3269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             4040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             3287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             2496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             3161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              3644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              2727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              3570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              2425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              3206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              2667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             2816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             2954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             3361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             2873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             2250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             2862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    8780500000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                 50855                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                77716                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   50723                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    573                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   2619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   2530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   2645                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   2554                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   2503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   2445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   2431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   2469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   2608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   2546                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   2500                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   2482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   2476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   2440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   2425                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   2398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        13975                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    424.199785                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   259.476372                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   372.197948                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3599     25.75%     25.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2816     20.15%     45.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1531     10.96%     56.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1041      7.45%     64.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          778      5.57%     69.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          584      4.18%     74.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          433      3.10%     77.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          284      2.03%     79.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2909     20.82%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        13975                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2360                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      21.534322                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     38.165006                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           2273     96.31%     96.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           69      2.92%     99.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            8      0.34%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      0.08%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            2      0.08%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            2      0.08%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.04%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      0.04%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.04%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            1      0.04%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          2360                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2360                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.703814                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.384275                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      4.086805                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             1749     74.11%     74.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               32      1.36%     75.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              133      5.64%     81.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               16      0.68%     81.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               78      3.31%     85.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21               45      1.91%     86.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22               58      2.46%     89.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23               36      1.53%     90.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24               29      1.23%     92.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25               73      3.09%     95.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26               23      0.97%     96.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::27               44      1.86%     98.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28               16      0.68%     98.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::29                2      0.08%     98.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::31                3      0.13%     99.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32                1      0.04%     99.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::33                1      0.04%     99.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::37                2      0.08%     99.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40                2      0.08%     99.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::41                2      0.08%     99.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::42                1      0.04%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44                1      0.04%     99.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46                2      0.08%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48                2      0.08%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::49                1      0.04%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::50                2      0.08%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::51                1      0.04%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::53                5      0.21%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          2360                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    754660500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              1708004250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  254225000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     14842.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                33592.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       370.54                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       304.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     92.65                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    141.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    2.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.18                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    44931                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   33720                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 88.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                80.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      68293.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    84.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 45460380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 24158970                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               158315220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               98094240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         637996320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1179791700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             36356160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1372862670                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       662790720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        377992680                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             4594093560                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            523.119684                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           6097660750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     61884250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     270685750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1362666250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1726009250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2350159250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3010703250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 54321120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 28876155                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               204718080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              120002580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         619557120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1146561840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             26445600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1476721800                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       536699520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        423109680                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             4637112255                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            528.018131                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           6194194750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     36340750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     262620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1562545750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1397604500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2284374750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3238622250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                      145293                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                       497                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                   52425                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                     131131                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      125                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                          15                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                  25975                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                      276424                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                       622                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                           15                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                   78400                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                     255086                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                      268                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                 255354                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                 20                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           10                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean       417870000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   344797646.898470                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           10    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value      7736500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    969172000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             10                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     4603408000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   4178700000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        17564216                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      10                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   67      4.54%      4.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.20%      5.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1216     82.38%     87.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     22      1.49%     88.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.07%     88.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.07%     89.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     134      9.08%     98.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  24      1.63%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       4      0.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  1476                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      2396                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              201                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                119                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                119                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                  119                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.592040                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.743750                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        7934328500     90.34%     90.34% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user           848323500      9.66%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      67                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     617     45.20%     45.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                      4      0.29%     45.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                      9      0.66%     46.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      2      0.15%     46.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    733     53.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                1365                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      615     49.48%     49.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                       4      0.32%     49.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                       9      0.72%     50.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       2      0.16%     50.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     613     49.32%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 1243                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0              8365822000     95.25%     95.25% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                3966000      0.05%     95.30% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                7441500      0.08%     95.38% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2813000      0.03%     95.42% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              402609500      4.58%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total          8782652000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.996759                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.836289                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.910623                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     754900                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       754900                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               726788                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3960                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      22976                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        76449                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      726788                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         3960                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            1017155                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            508971                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                2545                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               2507                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       277883                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     146396                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    131487                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              8357399.999048                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              9206816.000952                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.524180                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.475820                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           105093                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                14089      1.86%      1.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                   441057     58.38%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     732      0.10%     60.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   1217      0.16%     60.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     60.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                    230      0.03%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  149987     19.85%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 130694     17.30%     97.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead               1353      0.18%     97.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite              1160      0.15%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                 15018      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                    755537                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            56756                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1801.707130                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             222159                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            58804                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             3.777957                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  1801.707130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.879740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.879740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          932                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1009                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           334338                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          334338                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       121359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         121359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        93211                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         93211                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data         1728                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1728                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data         2058                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2058                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       214570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          214570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       214570                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         214570                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        21822                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21822                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        35689                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        35689                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data          558                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          558                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        57511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         57511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        57511                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        57511                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    843072500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    843072500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1922251000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1922251000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      8172500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      8172500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       427000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       427000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2765323500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2765323500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2765323500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2765323500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       143181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       143181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       128900                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       128900                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2286                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2286                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       272081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       272081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       272081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       272081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.152408                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.152408                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.276874                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.276874                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.244094                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.244094                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.039216                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.039216                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.211375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.211375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.211375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.211375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38634.061956                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38634.061956                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53861.161702                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53861.161702                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14646.057348                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14646.057348                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5083.333333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5083.333333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 48083.384048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48083.384048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 48083.384048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48083.384048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        44094                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            44094                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        21822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        35689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        35689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          558                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          558                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        57511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        57511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        57511                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        57511                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data          603                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          603                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    821250500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    821250500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1886562000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1886562000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      7614500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7614500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       343000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       343000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2707812500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2707812500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2707812500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2707812500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    103680000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    103680000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    103680000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    103680000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.152408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.152408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.276874                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.276874                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.244094                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244094                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.039216                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039216                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.211375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.211375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.211375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.211375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37634.061956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37634.061956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52861.161702                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52861.161702                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13646.057348                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13646.057348                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  4083.333333                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4083.333333                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 47083.384048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47083.384048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 47083.384048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47083.384048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data       240000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       240000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 171940.298507                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 171940.298507                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            38285                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.998531                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             759814                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            38796                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            19.584854                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   511.998531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          297                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1549361                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         1549361                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       717250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         717250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       717250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          717250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       717250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         717250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst        38287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        38287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst        38287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         38287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst        38287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        38287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    748296500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    748296500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    748296500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    748296500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    748296500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    748296500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       755537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       755537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       755537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       755537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       755537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       755537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.050675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.050675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.050675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.050675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.050675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.050675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 19544.401494                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19544.401494                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 19544.401494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19544.401494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 19544.401494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19544.401494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks        38285                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total            38285                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        38287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        38287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        38287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    710009500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    710009500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    710009500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    710009500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    710009500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    710009500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.050675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.050675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.050675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 18544.401494                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18544.401494                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 18544.401494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18544.401494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 18544.401494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18544.401494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                       29385                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                       325                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                           12                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                    1841                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                      18509                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                       34                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           8                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                    895                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                       47894                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                       359                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           20                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                    2736                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                      25348                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      124                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                  25472                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numPwrStateTransitions                 28                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           15                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    534511666.666667                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   411547915.343908                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           15    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    972985500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             15                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      764433000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   8017675000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                        17570359                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      14                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   56     12.44%     12.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.11%     13.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  279     62.00%     75.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                     21      4.67%     80.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      78     17.33%     97.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.00%     99.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.44%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   450                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       965                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              121                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 66                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 13                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   66                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.553719                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.076923                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.670000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         693520500     11.52%     11.52% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            32386500      0.54%     12.06% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          5291929000     87.94%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      56                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     142     38.48%     38.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                      9      2.44%     40.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      0.81%     41.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    215     58.27%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 369                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      142     48.46%     48.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                       9      3.07%     51.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.02%     52.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     139     47.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  293                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0              8626874500     98.20%     98.20% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                4515500      0.05%     98.25% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                4656500      0.05%     98.30% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              149133000      1.70%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total          8785179500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.646512                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.794038                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.committedInsts                     161934                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                       161934                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses               155873                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                   238                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                       3654                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts        18252                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                      155873                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                          238                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads             207624                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes            117645                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                 120                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                121                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                        48985                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                      30254                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                     18731                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              16040958.286650                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              1529400.713350                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.087044                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.912956                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                            23284                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                 2910      1.79%      1.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                   101969     62.82%     64.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     181      0.11%     64.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                     31      0.02%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      3      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                   31304     19.29%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                  18655     11.49%     95.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                104      0.06%     95.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite               100      0.06%     95.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                  7056      4.35%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                    162313                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             7514                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1773.384410                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              67395                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             9249                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             7.286734                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  1773.384410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.865910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.865910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1735                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1732                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847168                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            56418                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           56418                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data        24949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          24949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data        14655                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         14655                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data          410                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          410                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data          479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data        39604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           39604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data        39604                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          39604                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data         4455                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4455                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data         3423                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3423                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data           29                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           29                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data         7878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          7878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data         7878                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         7878                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     66084000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66084000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    267207500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    267207500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1540500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1540500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       187000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       187000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    333291500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    333291500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    333291500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    333291500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data        29404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data        18078                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        18078                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data          509                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          509                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data          508                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          508                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data        47482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        47482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data        47482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        47482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.151510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.151510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.189346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.189346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.194499                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.194499                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.057087                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.057087                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.165916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.165916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.165916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.165916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14833.670034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14833.670034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 78062.372188                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78062.372188                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15560.606061                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15560.606061                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6448.275862                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6448.275862                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 42306.613354                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42306.613354                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 42306.613354                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42306.613354                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5747                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             5747                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3423                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3423                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           29                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         7878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         7878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data           29                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     61629000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61629000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    263784500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    263784500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1441500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1441500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       158000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       158000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    325413500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    325413500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    325413500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    325413500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       676000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       676000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.151510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.189346                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.189346                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.194499                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.194499                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.057087                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057087                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.165916                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.165916                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.165916                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.165916                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13833.670034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13833.670034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 77062.372188                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77062.372188                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14560.606061                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14560.606061                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5448.275862                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5448.275862                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 41306.613354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41306.613354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 41306.613354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41306.613354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       169000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       169000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 23310.344828                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 23310.344828                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             9092                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             160145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             9604                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            16.674823                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           333718                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          333718                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst       153221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         153221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst       153221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          153221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst       153221                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         153221                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst         9092                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         9092                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst         9092                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          9092                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         9092                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         9092                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    229915000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    229915000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    229915000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    229915000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    229915000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    229915000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       162313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       162313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst       162313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       162313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst       162313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       162313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.056015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.056015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.056015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.056015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 25287.615486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25287.615486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 25287.615486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25287.615486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 25287.615486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25287.615486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         9092                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             9092                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         9092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         9092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         9092                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9092                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    220823000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    220823000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    220823000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    220823000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    220823000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    220823000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.056015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.056015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.056015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 24287.615486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24287.615486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 24287.615486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24287.615486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 24287.615486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24287.615486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                      150209                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                       375                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                   19733                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                     103448                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                       73                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                          12                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                  11548                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                      253657                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                       448                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                           12                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                   31281                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                     126710                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                      338                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                 127048                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numPwrStateTransitions                112                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           57                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    97033815.789474                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   255273782.419950                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           57    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    972581500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             57                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     3251180500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   5530927500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                        17574007                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      56                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    5      0.21%      0.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   68      2.89%      3.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.13%      3.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2012     85.51%     88.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                     88      3.74%     92.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.04%     92.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.04%     92.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     113      4.80%     97.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  34      1.44%     98.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       6      0.25%     99.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                 21      0.89%     99.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.04%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                  2353                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      3176                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              181                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 87                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 87                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   87                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.480663                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.649254                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        7804762500     94.82%     94.82% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user           426727000      5.18%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      68                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     794     36.93%     36.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                     15      0.70%     37.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                      9      0.42%     38.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.05%     38.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   1331     61.91%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                2150                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      793     49.25%     49.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                      15      0.93%     50.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                       9      0.56%     50.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.06%     50.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     792     49.19%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 1610                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0              7831646500     89.13%     89.13% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21               15201500      0.17%     89.30% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                5299500      0.06%     89.36% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1647000      0.02%     89.38% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              933209000     10.62%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total          8787003500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.998741                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.595041                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.748837                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     754313                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                       754313                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses               726465                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                  2242                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      25944                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts        75066                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                      726465                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                         2242                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads             996234                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            537589                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                1070                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes               1019                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       254928                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     151175                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    103753                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              11068021.323354                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              6505985.676646                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.370205                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.629795                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           109001                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                10741      1.42%      1.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                   464381     61.53%     62.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    1394      0.18%     63.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     63.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                    381      0.05%     63.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     63.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     11      0.00%     63.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     63.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     63.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                     18      0.00%     63.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     63.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     63.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     63.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     63.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     63.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     63.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     63.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     63.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     63.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     63.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     63.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     63.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     63.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     63.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     63.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     63.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  156046     20.67%     83.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 103350     13.69%     97.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                898      0.12%     97.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite               934      0.12%     97.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                 16619      2.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                    754773                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            36041                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1705.276112                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             222877                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            37295                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs             5.976056                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data  1705.276112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.832654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.832654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.612305                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           290880                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          290880                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data       129523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         129523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data        81629                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         81629                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data         2412                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2412                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data         2922                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2922                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data       211152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          211152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data       211152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         211152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data        18109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data        18665                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        18665                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data          607                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          607                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data        36774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         36774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data        36774                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        36774                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    393874500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    393874500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    582140000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    582140000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     10317500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     10317500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       397500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       397500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data    976014500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    976014500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data    976014500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    976014500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data       147632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       147632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data       100294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       100294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data         3019                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3019                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data         3006                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3006                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data       247926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       247926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data       247926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       247926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.122663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.122663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.186103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.186103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.201060                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.201060                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.027944                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.027944                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.148327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.148327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.148327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.148327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 21750.207079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21750.207079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 31188.856148                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31188.856148                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16997.528830                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16997.528830                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  4732.142857                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4732.142857                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 26540.884864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26540.884864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 26540.884864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26540.884864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        27814                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            27814                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        18109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        18665                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        18665                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          607                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          607                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        36774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        36774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          255                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          255                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data          404                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          404                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    375765500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    375765500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    563475000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    563475000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      9710500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9710500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       313500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       313500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    939240500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    939240500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    939240500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    939240500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     26783500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     26783500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     26783500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     26783500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.122663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.186103                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.186103                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.201060                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.201060                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.027944                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027944                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.148327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.148327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20750.207079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20750.207079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 30188.856148                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30188.856148                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15997.528830                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15997.528830                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  3732.142857                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3732.142857                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 25540.884864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25540.884864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 25540.884864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25540.884864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 179755.033557                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 179755.033557                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 66295.792079                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 66295.792079                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            75778                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.997710                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs             683221                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            76290                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs             8.955577                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   511.997710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1585327                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses         1585327                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst       678992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         678992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst       678992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          678992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst       678992                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         678992                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst        75781                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        75781                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst        75781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         75781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst        75781                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        75781                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1294544500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1294544500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1294544500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1294544500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1294544500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1294544500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       754773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       754773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst       754773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       754773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst       754773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       754773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.100402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.100402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.100402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.100402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.100402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.100402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 17082.705427                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17082.705427                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 17082.705427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17082.705427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 17082.705427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17082.705427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks        75778                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total            75778                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        75781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        75781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        75781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        75781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        75781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1218763500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1218763500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1218763500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1218763500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1218763500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1218763500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.100402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.100402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.100402                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100402                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 16082.705427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16082.705427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 16082.705427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16082.705427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 16082.705427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16082.705427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                       31567                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                       335                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                           12                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                    1872                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                      20955                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                       36                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           9                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                    897                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                       52522                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                       371                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                           21                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                    2769                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                      26412                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                      127                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                  26539                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numPwrStateTransitions                 30                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           16                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    500221062.500000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   408024459.016159                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           16    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    972963000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             16                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      778571000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   8003537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                        17577433                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      15                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.20%      0.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   61     11.91%     12.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.98%     13.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  332     64.84%     77.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                     22      4.30%     82.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                      80     15.62%     97.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      1.76%     99.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.39%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   512                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1044                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              141                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.475177                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.644231                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        8248583500     99.60%     99.60% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            33190500      0.40%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      61                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     163     38.35%     38.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                      9      2.12%     40.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      6      1.41%     41.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    247     58.12%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 425                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      163     48.08%     48.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                       9      2.65%     50.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       6      1.77%     52.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     161     47.49%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  339                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0              8668020500     98.63%     98.63% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                4624000      0.05%     98.68% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                7102000      0.08%     98.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31              108970000      1.24%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total          8788716500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.651822                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.797647                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     176299                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                       176299                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses               169668                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                   438                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                       4177                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts        20061                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                      169668                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                          438                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads             226610                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes            126919                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                 219                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                223                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                        53676                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                      32479                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                     21197                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              16019119.257253                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              1558313.742747                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.088654                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.911346                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                            25803                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                 3146      1.78%      1.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                   110890     62.76%     64.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                     201      0.11%     64.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                     36      0.02%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      3      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                   33511     18.97%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                  21018     11.90%     95.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                203      0.11%     95.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite               196      0.11%     95.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                  7487      4.24%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                    176691                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             8484                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1757.459439                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs              48323                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            10083                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             4.792522                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data  1757.459439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.858134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.858134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1599                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1596                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.780762                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            62498                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses           62498                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data        26625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          26625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data        16060                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16060                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data          464                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          464                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data          533                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          533                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data        42685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           42685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data        42685                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          42685                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data         4933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data         4417                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         4417                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data          106                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          106                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data           35                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           35                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data         9350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          9350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data         9350                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         9350                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     67687500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     67687500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    314994500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    314994500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1387000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1387000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       190500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       190500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data    382682000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    382682000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data    382682000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    382682000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data        31558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        31558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data        20477                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        20477                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data          570                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          570                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data          568                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          568                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data        52035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data        52035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.156315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.156315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.215705                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.215705                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.185965                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.185965                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.061620                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.061620                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.179687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.179687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.179687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.179687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 13721.366309                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13721.366309                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 71314.127236                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71314.127236                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 13084.905660                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13084.905660                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  5442.857143                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5442.857143                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40928.556150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40928.556150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40928.556150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40928.556150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6507                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             6507                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         4933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         4417                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4417                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          106                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          106                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           35                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         9350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         9350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           27                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           27                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data           31                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     62754500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62754500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    310577500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    310577500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1281000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1281000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       155500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       155500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    373332000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    373332000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    373332000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    373332000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       677500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       677500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       677500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       677500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.156315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.156315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.215705                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.215705                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.185965                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.185965                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.061620                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061620                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.179687                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179687                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.179687                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179687                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 12721.366309                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12721.366309                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 70314.127236                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70314.127236                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 12084.905660                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12084.905660                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  4442.857143                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4442.857143                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 39928.556150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39928.556150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 39928.556150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39928.556150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       169375                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       169375                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 21854.838710                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 21854.838710                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements            11535                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             169942                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs            12047                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            14.106583                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          448                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           364917                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          364917                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst       165156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         165156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst       165156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          165156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst       165156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         165156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst        11535                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        11535                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst        11535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total         11535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst        11535                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total        11535                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    179200500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    179200500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    179200500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    179200500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    179200500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    179200500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst       176691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       176691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst       176691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       176691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst       176691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       176691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.065283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.065283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.065283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.065283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.065283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.065283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 15535.370611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15535.370611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 15535.370611                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15535.370611                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 15535.370611                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15535.370611                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks        11535                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total            11535                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst        11535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst        11535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        11535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst        11535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    167665500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    167665500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    167665500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    167665500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    167665500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    167665500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.065283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.065283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.065283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14535.370611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14535.370611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14535.370611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14535.370611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14535.370611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14535.370611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  87                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   724992                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         90                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  615                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 615                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               45790                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              45790                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        90676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        90676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   92810                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          572                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          405                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         1973                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       725200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       725200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   727173                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy               221500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                21000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               32000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              918500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy              638000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           101070019                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1656000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            45364000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                45338                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      64                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                45402                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           64                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               408042                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              408042                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        45338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             45338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        45338                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            45338                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      3152485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3152485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5238122534                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   5238122534                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5241275019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   5241275019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5241275019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   5241275019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        45338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           45338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        45338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          45338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 121249.423077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121249.423077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115601.221178                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115601.221178                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115604.460254                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115604.460254                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115604.460254                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115604.460254                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         46119                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 9120                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     5.056908                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           45312                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                45312                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        45338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        45338                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45338                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      1852485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1852485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2970821625                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2970821625                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2972674110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2972674110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2972674110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2972674110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 71249.423077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71249.423077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65563.683461                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65563.683461                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65566.944065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65566.944065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65566.944065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65566.944065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     51251                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 65459.134162                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     7495410                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    116787                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     64.180174                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2675.329558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      3923.828712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     26253.600710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      1929.926513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data      6358.393355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst      7866.130409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     11032.120514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst      1374.783488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data      4045.020904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.040822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.059873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.400598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.029448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.097021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.120028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.168337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.020978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.061722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.998827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         65536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          947                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        36743                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        18662                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 462440400                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                462440400                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        84162                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            84162                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       113312                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           113312                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               34                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data               15                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data               29                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data               17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   95                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data              5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data             14436                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data               238                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data             12582                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data               542                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 27798                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst          35025                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst           7605                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst          71887                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst          11206                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             125723                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         12481                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data          3200                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data         14650                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data          3747                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             34078                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                35025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                26917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                 7605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data                 3438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                71887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data                27232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                11206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data                 4289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   187599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst               35025                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               26917                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                7605                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data                3438                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst               71887                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data               27232                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst               11206                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data                4289                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  187599                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data              5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data              9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           20228                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data            3122                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data            5009                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data            3624                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               31983                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         3258                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1486                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst         3889                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst          329                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             8962                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         7672                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data          211                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data         2084                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data          144                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           10111                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               3258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              27900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               1486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data               3333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst               3889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data               7093                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data               3768                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  51056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              3258                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             27900                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              1486                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data              3333                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst              3889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data              7093                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst               329                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data              3768                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 51056                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        29500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       148500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        59000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        28500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       265500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1678771500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    255668500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    400574500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    297569500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2632584000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    279234500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    124736500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    340064500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     28788500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    772824000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    658987500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     20441500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    197277000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     14504000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    891210000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    279234500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2337759000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    124736500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    276110000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    340064500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data    597851500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     28788500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data    312073500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4296618000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    279234500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2337759000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    124736500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    276110000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    340064500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data    597851500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     28788500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data    312073500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4296618000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        84162                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        84162                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       113312                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       113312                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           35                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           38                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              111                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         34664                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data          3360                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data         17591                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data          4166                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             59781                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        38283                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         9091                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst        75776                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst        11535                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         134685                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        20153                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data         3411                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        16734                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data         3891                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         44189                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst            38283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            54817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             9091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data             6771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst            75776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data            34325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst            11535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data             8057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               238655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst           38283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           54817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            9091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data            6771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst           75776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data           34325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst           11535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data            8057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              238655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.028571                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.236842                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.055556                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.144144                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.583545                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.929167                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.284748                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.869899                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.535003                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.085103                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.163458                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.051322                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.028522                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.066540                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.380688                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.061859                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.124537                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.037008                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.228813                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.085103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.508966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.163458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.492246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.051322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.206642                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.028522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.467668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.213932                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.085103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.508966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.163458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.492246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.051322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.206642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.028522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.467668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.213932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        29500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        29700                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  6555.555556                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        28500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16593.750000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82992.460945                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 81892.536835                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 79970.952286                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 82110.789183                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82311.978238                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85707.335789                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 83941.117093                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 87442.658781                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 87503.039514                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86233.430038                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85895.138165                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 96879.146919                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 94662.667946                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 100722.222222                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88142.616952                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85707.335789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83790.645161                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 83941.117093                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 82841.284128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 87442.658781                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 84287.537008                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 87503.039514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 82822.054140                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84155.006268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85707.335789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83790.645161                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 83941.117093                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 82841.284128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 87442.658781                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 84287.537008                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 87503.039514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 82822.054140                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84155.006268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                32404                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     32404                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          158                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           158                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            16                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        20228                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3122                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         5009                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         3624                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          31983                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         3258                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1486                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         3889                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          329                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         8962                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7672                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          211                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         2084                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          144                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        10111                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          3258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         27900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          1486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          3333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          3889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          7093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          3768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             51056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         3258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        27900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         3889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         7093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          329                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         3768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            51056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          255                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           27                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          478                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data          603                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data           29                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data          404                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data           31                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1067                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        98500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       168500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        18500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       305000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1476491500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    224448500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    350484500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    261329500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2312754000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    246654500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    109876500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    301174500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     25498500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    683204000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    582267500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     18331500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    176437000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     13064000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    790100000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    246654500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2058759000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    109876500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    242780000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    301174500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    526921500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     25498500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    274393500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3786058000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    246654500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2058759000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    109876500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    242780000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    301174500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    526921500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     25498500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    274393500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3786058000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     98270000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       626000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     24920000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       627500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    124443500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     98270000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       626000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     24920000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       627500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    124443500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.028571                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.236842                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.055556                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.144144                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.583545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.929167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.284748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.869899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.535003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.085103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.163458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.051322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.028522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.380688                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.061859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.124537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.037008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228813                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.085103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.508966                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.163458                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.492246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.051322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.206642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.028522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.467668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.213932                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.085103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.508966                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.163458                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.492246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.051322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.206642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.028522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.467668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.213932                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        19700                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 18722.222222                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19062.500000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72992.460945                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 71892.536835                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 69970.952286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 72110.789183                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72311.978238                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75707.335789                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 73941.117093                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 77442.658781                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 77503.039514                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76233.430038                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75895.138165                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 86879.146919                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 84662.667946                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 90722.222222                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78142.616952                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75707.335789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73790.645161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 73941.117093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 72841.284128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 77442.658781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 74287.537008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 77503.039514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 72822.054140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74155.006268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75707.335789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73790.645161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 73941.117093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 72841.284128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 77442.658781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 74287.537008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 77503.039514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 72822.054140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74155.006268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227476.851852                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       156500                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 167248.322148                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       156875                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 211279.286927                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 162968.490879                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 21586.206897                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 61683.168317                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 20241.935484                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 116629.334583                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        191542                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        97300                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           26                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 589                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              19688                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                478                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               478                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        77716                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            15781                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              987                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            205                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             32442                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            31782                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         19099                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         45312                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         1949                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        90676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        90676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       151721                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       153855                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 244531                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1973                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1332144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1334117                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2059109                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             3610                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                        416                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             99112                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.019927                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.139750                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   97137     98.01%     98.01% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    1975      1.99%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               99112                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             1831000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           267944633                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            2165952                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy          117648000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       491295                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       230240                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        51540                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           3680                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3144                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          536                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                589                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            185985                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               478                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              478                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       116566                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       134690                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           43480                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             881                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           232                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1113                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            61313                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           61313                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        134695                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        50715                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         1949                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          370                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       114855                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       171345                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        27275                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        22377                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       227335                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       108693                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        34605                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        26119                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                732604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1225088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1583340                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       290928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       200420                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2424864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       995345                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       369120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       233172                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                7322277                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           62625                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    647328                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           302103                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.223821                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.636109                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 260350     86.18%     86.18% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  24900      8.24%     94.42% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                   7846      2.60%     97.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                   9003      2.98%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      4      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             302103                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          355846998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           209974                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          38326421                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          58541934                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy           9119444                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy           8025407                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy          75819422                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy          37516414                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy          11553462                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy           9476398                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8782108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
